Hi, I'm Jaekwang Kim from
Sungkyunkwan University. From now on, we'll talk about
the basic concept of machine learning. This is my first time, so
I want to talk about just the two things. One is what is machine learning? And the other is the three types of
machine learning, so share with that. And this is the whole content of today, so I want to first talk about
what is machine learning? And then I will share about
three types of machine learning such as supervised learning, unsupervised learning and
reinforcement learning. So what is machine learning? Let's just talk about
the artificial intelligence. It's the science and engineering
of making intelligence machines, and machine learning is a branch
of artificial intelligence, so it's a sort of subset
of artificial intelligence. And deep learning it was a famous concept,
and it's also the subset of machine learning. Actually it is based
on the neural network, which is one of the machine
learning algorithm. So I want to talk about
what is emotional learning. I can tell you the machine learning
is to improve the performance or programs based on given data,
previous regional or experiences. The main difference with
the traditional programming is this in traditional programming data. And rules are used as input and it is used
the input to the computer program and it makes the results as
an output in motion learning. On the other hand,
the result and data is huge, their input to the computer program and
it makes the rules as the output. So why we should learn or
concerned about motion learning? First, because machine learning is
a tool to reduce programming time. And second,
machine learning personalize your product to provide what's better for
specific group of users. So it provides a solution
when on algorithm to solve a problem is not available or difficult left but not the list. It allows people to think at a higher
level rather than focus on simple task. Here are the three types of machine
learning, it's supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and
reinforcement learning. Supervised learning uses the label
data and has a direct feedback, and the purpose of the supervised
learning is predict outcome and futures. Unsupervised learning had no rabels,
no direct feedback. The purpose overrules provide
learning is find hidden structures, how about the reinforcement learning? It's a decision process and
it has a reward system and the aim of it is long fridge of actions. And here are the big pictures
of the machine learning and three types of machine learning and
all of which problems. First of all, in the supervised learning
there is two representative problems, classification and regression. And there are many specify then and the problems like here and
in also provide learning. There are two main problems such
as dimensional reduction and clustering and meaningful compression and structure discovery belongs
to dimensional key reduction. And we can also use the clustering for recommended system,
targeted marketing, and so on. How about the reinforcement learning? It is constant with the game AI and skills acquisition and
something like that. And first of all, let's deep dive
into the supervised learning. And I can say supervised learning
is how to train a capital program with labor data that is given
explicit correct answers. And it's about how to proceed with learning in the form with data and labor and in superbad learning. Let's take our amnesty
data set as an example. It's 28 times 28 images which is like this the training set conscious
of the following. And there are 10 labors from 0 to 9 for example we have a 20 by 20
images representing Gerald. And it also had the label Gerald, and we also have about 20 times 28 images representing seven, and
it had the label seven, and we also get some the other data. If we we input the image 4 to
the trend model with amnesty dataset, we can finally get
the predictor label as of 4. In an inspired by the learning,
I can say it's no label for data. That is a methodology that trend or comp
it'll without the explicit correct answer. So it's a method of running form like with only data we can
simply say with these figures in case of supervised learning. The proposal of classification is
making a decision boundary like this, and how about the unsupervised learning? The representative method
is clustering like this, so we want grouping these two groups. The less the thing is
reinforced much learning reinforcement learning is
not supervised learning. It's not all supervised
learning in reinforcement learning agent to learn
to maximize reorder. And it's an algorithm that
includes the process of collecting data in kind
of dynamic environment. So if the agent make
some action at a time t, and the environments returned reward and state at a time step t plus 1. So agent makes you want to make the
maximize the reward with this environment. So I just say about three types
of machine learning like this which of the best time method
algorithm of emotionally. I don't want to say the best algorithm for
the every problems, but I believe that you can
choose the best algorithm for your case of problems, so
that you may make the right decision. Thank you.