Hello friends.
I welcome you all for this third and.
concluding lecture on political thought of Rabindranath Tagore.
In previous two lectures, we have discussed his critique of nationalism and also his views on cosmopolitism.
Today, in this lecture, we will discuss his views on idea of man and also the debate that famous debate between Mahatma Gandhi and Rabindranath Tagore on some of the philosophical, political and socio-economic issues of their times.
And through this debate, we will try to understand what kind of challenges, we are facing in contemporary India and in what ways, we can take insights from this debate to resolve some of these complexities in contemporary India.
So, this lecture is basically, about his views on men, his idea of men and then, we will try to conclude this lecture by situating Rabindranath Tagore and his thought in the larger political and historical context in which he was articulating about some of his key ideas and in what ways, he was relevant in his time, why he was criticized and how he continued to remain relevant for understanding some of the contemporary challenge in modern India.
So, these are some of the things, we will discuss in the concluding part of this lecture.
So, bye.
Thank you.
We will start.
first, with this idea of man which for Tagore is centre for everything.
His views on a number of themes whether it is Swadesi, Samaj, Samaj, nation, cosmopolitanism, everything revolves around this powerful idea of man which we can better understand by looking at this quotation from Ramin Nattagore about the men, the search of men for truth and what is the truth of his or her existence.
And that is the basic artifacts or basic building block of all his arguments.
So, whether it is his serious essays or political writings, philosophical writings or it is his paintings, songs or other forms of creative writings, this idea of man is somewhat.
at the centre of all his creative expressions and writings.
So, from this quotation, one can understand that significance of man in his thought and in his philosophy.
So, it is within quote, in the history of man, there began from the day in many forms, in many ways and many languages, the answers to the one fundamental question, what am I?
In the true answer to this question lies his joy, his glory.
So, that is the search of man and he has understood that he is not simple, but hides a mystery of death within himself and that he will finally, know himself only when the veils of the mystery have been pierced through centuries he has persisted in his attempt.
So, that is the real search, real journey in the life of men or women.
So, what he is basically, saying is through all his creative creative expression, man is in search of asking through many forms, through many languages, in many ways, this fundamental question of who, what I am.
And to get the answer of this fundamental question, in that answer lies his true glory or his true joy and that is the basic fundamental search in human individual life.
So, in this journey of searching the answer for this question, man has understood that he is not simple.
So, what constitutes the man?
Is it his biological or physical being or also, there is something beyond the man that transcends his immanence, his immediate biological or physical material surrounding.
So, that is something which we come to realize when we try to ponder upon, try to understand or try to answer this question what I am.
So, the journey of man or his intellectual search for answering this question who am I does not lie merely on this simple understanding of biological or physical being, but also, something that transcends.
And this is what that transcends Tagore considered as a mystery.
So, according to Ravindranath Tagore, the primary or the basic or the fundamental responsibility or search in manís life is to unravel this mystery of something which transcends his immediate biological or physical surroundings.
And throughout the centuries in Rabindranath Tagore, man is continuously making his effort to understand this mystery of something which transcends and that leads to some of the fundamental question of origin of man, origin of human being, what is the history, what are the moment.
And in what ways human being tries to understand himself and develop a relationship between something which is beyond his immediate biological self to the nature, to the society, to the other human being.
And that creative relationship between the man and his or her immediate surroundings, be it nature or other human being leads to realization of the self.
And in this attempt.
So, the real task for man is then to understand his self and to understand his self, he needs to unravel this mystery which is something that transcends the physical and biological being of the self and this point will come again in a moment.
So, that is the understanding of man and this becomes the basis on which his philosophy about some samaj, swadeshi samaj, nationalism.
cosmopolitanism, whole philosophical artifacts in Rabindranath Tagore's thought lies in this basic understanding of man in search of this mystery in his or her physical biological being.
So, that is remain very fundamental and that is why many of you might have come across his song, many of his songs where he expressed the uncompromised freedom or unconditional freedom for the expression of human or individual creativity.
The idea is the very search for understanding the mystery of life or human being, rest on this uncompromised freedom that is given to individual to realize, to experience, to understand this mysterious existence in himself which lies behind, which lies besides his physical or biological being.
So, to realize that he wants to individual to have complete uncompromised unconditional freedom to explore to understand such mystery.
Ramin Nand Tagore also, believes that the whole social, political, economic, cultural system or community or solidarity emerge out of this mutual understanding and respect, cooperation and love.
And that will ultimately, lead to a more robust, more intimate relationship between man and the nature and men and the men.
And that is what he focused more than the organized rational scientific organization to perpetuate one's narrow individual self-interest.
So, that is something which Ravindranath Tagore focuses on his ideas on men.
So, he further goes on and writes that.
So, man and his creative unity and expression is at the centre of his thought about Swaraj, Samaj, Swadeshi Samaj, nationalism and cosmopolitanism as I was explaining.
So, the idea of man and the creative unity of man with nature and the other human being and the expression of that creativity is something which is central to his notion on Swaraj, Samaj, Swadeshi Samaj, nationalism and cosmopolitanism.
And this understanding of man in search of unravelling this mystery in his or her existence is two-dimensional.
One is more futuristic and the other.
is social, futuristic is that man, if he or she submits himself or herself to something which is imposed whether by society, by religion or by the forces which is outside himself or herself.
That deny him or her the potentiality or the opportunity to understand himself or understand the true meaning of his or her existence.
So, he want the modern man, the religion of man, the essay he wrote and he explored this point more systematically there that the task of man is to realize.
or to understand the existence of his or her truth that he or she can realize only, when he or she free himself or herself from bondage or conditionalities of all kind be it social, political, economic, cultural, religious or whatever.
So, the ultimate objective of individual or man life is to realize his true being, the meaning of his or her life.
So, it is a more, it is on the one hand, he wanted the modern man to understand this.
By that, he also means that that kind of man will not try to just imitate or borrow the idea from other context, from other tradition.
That is also not mean that he will remain very narrow or in a very fundamental sense, indigenous kind of, indigeneity or rooted to his or her own self.
So, he was willing and in many of his expressions and ideas about science or education or economy, we will see he is willing or he is accommodating the ideas from other traditions and that he wants as a kind of creative unity or creative accommodation or cooperation with other tradition, other cultures.
But he wanted the man to understand this fundamental or basic truth of his existence and so, in search of that realization.
that understanding, he wants complete freedom or and that is applicable in many issues even in contemporary times.
So, one dimension of his idea on man is more futuristic.
It wants a new kind of man trying to search his true meaning and the second is more about the social.
How this man will realize his or her true nature.
unless it also, understand his self in cooperation, in love, in intimate relationship with other human in the society.
And therefore, if you remember, the first lecture, when he was discussing about nationalism, he considered Indiaís problem is not political, but social.
Why?
Because the social organization is based on cooperation, based on self-sacrifice, based on understanding or mutually respecting the.
needs and the existence of other.
And therefore, he believes that this man who tries to understand his self can only understand it in relationship with the other.
So, in this point, one is to understand this larger heuristic principle of his time, where this relations between immanence and transcendence.
Immanence is something more immediate and transcendence is something which is beyond.
This is something which is there in other thinkers certainly, in Aurobindo Ghosh, we are going to discuss even in Vivekananda, partly in Iqbal and Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and many European thinkers as well.
So, this dichotomy, this heuristic principle of immanence and transcendence is also, there and some, he used it very creatively to understand the role of man in the society or in the society.
So, this views on man in Tagore is expressed in many of his lectures and essays like man or supreme man or the, sorry, it should be religion of man, religion of man or manís universe.
So, on these essays and certainly, more systematically, he explained in the religion of man, his views on man.
So, in these essays, you can find out Ravindranath Tagoreís views on man.
Now, while describing the human nature or human characteristic, he takes into account both the moral and the spiritual aspects of human.
nature.
For Tagore, man is inherently moral or ethical and that reflects his true nature, that reflects something which is beyond and that moral and ethical part of man can be explained not by his physical biological being, but something which is deep inside his or her existence.
So, in Tagore's views or perception of man, this moral or ethical side of man.
If it is allowed to express itself without any restriction and without any kind of hindrance from the outside, then he or she will be able to realize his self or herself, but also, contribute in the betterment of the society or in the collective life of his or her society or community.
So, Ramin Nath Tagore is in a sense, too radical, too radical in his understanding of the man or the individual or individual freedom and the role of individual freedom for the realization of his self and also, for the betterment of the society.
So, for Tagore, this innate nature of human being that is moral and spiritual must be cultivated and it should be allowed to be cultivated without any restrictions, without any conditions from the outside forces be it society or the state.
So, Tagore, then also, talks about this dual nature.
or what is called duality in manís nature.
For him, this duality of nature is reflected in the animal aspect of man for which the mere fulfillment of his necessities constitute the happiness.
So, that is the one side of man that is similar to other species like animal, where man may believe that his real joy, his real happiness is there in realization or fulfillment of his necessity or his needs.
So, once So, once your needs are fulfilled, needs here means material needs or your immediate concerns, if that is fulfilled and achieved, man may feel happy.
So, that is one side of man, one kind of nature in human being.
The other which is more deeper, which is more fundamental that is the aspect of universal man who is concerned with neither happiness nor suffering, but strives for something greater.
And this is something greater is connected to the previous theme we were discussing about the mysterious existence of man, when this man come into being.
What is the origin?
What is the objective?
Who am I?
So, that kind of question is something which constantly, put the man in search of something which is beyond his immediate or biological needs.
And there, he considered it is something which is beyond happiness or beyond the suffering, but it is kind of continuous striving for knowing this greatness, this mysterious existence in all of us.
And it is connected with this expression that divinity lives in man.
That divinity will emerge, can express itself in the conducive environment of freedom or man has not submitted his views, his understanding, his intellect to the masses or to the collective imposition and blindly imitate it.
that can be developed when the man using his intellect constantly, trying to understand this higher or something greater in his or her existence.
So, in this world, he used this as perfection of man or personality that he talks about or what he called magnificence.
So, this dual or duality in man's nature is one which is very basic and in many philosophy, you know, Isaiah Berlin and many others, continental philosophers talking about the lower self and the higher self.
So, the lower self is about the basic cardinal necessities of human existence and higher self is towards realization of something more spiritual, something more ethical, moral and such questions.
So, Tagore understood this duality in manís nature and he also acknowledged that in all of us, I mean, all of human being, there is the expression of divinity.
Divinity in the forms of humanity which allows that being to connect with other, to relate with others and to develop a relationship of cooperation, mutual trust or love and in that way, he realized himself.
or herself, she realized herself and also, she connect with the others and form a social, form a collective that helps in the overall development or creation of something which is greater than the individual self.
So, Ravindra Tagore did understood this duality in this human nature.
Now, unlike animals, Tagore further writes, man cannot be confirmed.
to his natural conditions.
It is in the crossing of his natural condition that lies his glory.
So, that is something about inherent search in man to transcend his immediate physical condition.
So, that makes the human species very distinct from the other species.
Why?
Because the man by his inbuilt nature which is not just biological or physical, but also, something which is transcendental, which transcends their biological or physical needs cannot conform to his natural condition.
Natural condition is mere natural or material condition of his or her life.
So, man constantly, tries to transcend his material or physical condition in search of something higher, something deeper, something greater and tries to understand this.
And as far as man is allowed to search for this greater, higher meaning of his or her life and there is own restriction on that.
And man constantly, strives to understand these higher laws.
There lies the glory and that is the whole focus in Rabindranath Tagore, the evolution of man from one kind of stage to the other kind of stages and then to the understanding or realization with this immersion of self with this.
So, complete realization of selflessness or existence with self in the community with others based on true love, trust, cooperation is something which remains the ideal for the Tagore and that can be achieved when man realize or tries to.
constantly, try to understand this greater laws and there is no restriction on that.
Now, what we also find that he is not exclusively, an individual.
He is also one in a spirit with the universal man under whose inspiration the individual engages in expressing his ultimate truth through crossing nature's limitations.
So, this is quotation from Tagore's essays, where he argues that he or the man or any individual.
is not exclusively, an individual that means, confined to him or her physical biological being.
It is not very individualistic in terms of atomistic individual or autonomous individual.
For Tagore, this individual is one in a spirit with the universal man.
Now, this universal man can be considered as something which is in all of us and we are expression of this one universal higher self.
or universal man and on that basis, we try to connect with each other and develop a kind of collective solidarity.
So, this individual for Tagore is one in a spirit with the universal man and in understanding or under the guidance or inspiration of this universal man, he realized or understand the existence of his ultimate truth.
What is the ultimate truth?
The realization of the fact.
that we all are part of same species or same humanity.
And therefore, we should collaborate, we should develop the relationship with others on the basis of this principle that in all of us lies something which is part of the same universal man and that will be the true basis of cooperation, true basis of solidarity for Tagore.
And therefore, one can once we realize this.
true or ultimate truth of our existence, we can transcend all kind of natural limitations, be it natural in terms of the surroundings, material surroundings of our life, in terms of religious, narrow definition of religion, in terms of caste, in terms of ethnicity, in terms of language.
In so many ways, which tries to distinct or differentiate between one kind of man to the other kind of man can be transcended according to Tagore, if one believes in this ultimate truth of our existence, where we are all part of same universal man or in terms of humanity.
the understanding of humanity, then and that can be the basis of true cooperation between and among different groups, be it on the basis of caste, religion, nation, etc.
So, that is very crucial understanding of the relationship that individual shares with the universal man.
Finally, on this discussion on idea of man, Tagore believes that man is a finite as well as infinite being simultaneously, and he is finite in his immediate individuality and infinite in his union with the universal spirit.
Now, that connects with the individual expression of divinity or universal man with the something which is larger, which is greater than all of us put together.
Now, here I mean, one needs to understanding of life.
in Tagore's political philosophy.
Therefore, Tagore life is something which cannot be measured, which cannot be quantified.
It can be valued or that value is something one can realize and that realization comes through this engagement, mental engagement or realization, emotional, psychological realization with the something which is beyond us, something which and we carry in it.
So, this relationship between universal and the particular.
is very crucial for Tagore.
And therefore, he believes that in men, you have both finite and infinite at the same time.
What is finite in men?
The immediate individuality, all of us lives in a particular time and a space.
And that time and a space sets a limit on our understanding or our discretion or our judgment or our grasp over reality.
But that can be transcended once we realize our relationship with something.
And that is the ultimate truth of our existence, when we realize that we are limited in our time and space.
But at the same time, we carry in ourselves the same divinity or same humanity.
And once we realize it in each other, then the true basis of cooperation or trust is possible.
And that is what he calls this finite and infinite at the same time in.
the human nature.
Again, through this quotation, we will try to understand something about his idea on man.
So, I will just quote that from the time when man became truly conscious of his own self, he also became conscious of a mysterious spirit of unity which forms its manifestation through him in his society.
So, the realization of man about himself is also to be conscious of a mysterious spirit of unity.
That unity between self and something which is universal, something which is greater than the self and this found its manifestation through him in his society.
It is subtle medium of relationship between individuals which is not for any utilitarian purpose but for its own ultimate truth.
Not a sum of arithmetic but a value of life.
Somehow, man has felt that his comprehensive spirit of unity has a divine character which could claim the sacrifice of all.
that is individual in him that in it dwells the highest meaning transcending his limited self representing his best freedom.
Now, there he defines both understanding of man, the consciousness of man about himself, his place in the larger society and also, why his life is not just for a utilitarian purpose or some arithmetic calculation, but to realize this ultimate truth, true meaning of life.
And, there lies the greatest freedom, ultimate freedom for the human being.
So, what he says is that when man gets became truly conscious of his own self, that is, own individualistic self, he also, become conscious of a mysterious unity, mysterious spirit of unity that he founds in his society.
It is a subtle medium of relationship between individuals that he shares with the other individuals in the society.
This relationship between other individuals is not for utilitarian purpose.
What is utilitarian purpose?
We try to develop relationship with other human beings because it helps us in achieving our own interest or self-interest.
Now, this whole concept of civil society, if you read in Hegel or in many other thinkers, the relationship between individual is guided by their self-interest or maximization of self-interest or utilitarian philosophy, everything which is good for the greatest number that should be desirable, that should be done.
Tagore is someone who is not articulating life or human life in a utilitarian purpose.
Everything is weighed or measured on the basis of its utility or its on the basis of its use value.
For him, this relationship between man and men is for its own ultimate truth and this is not some, so, realization of this ultimate truth.
is the search of human life or man life.
So, therefore, once man realized that comprehensive spirit of unity, he also, understand the divine character which could claim the sacrifice of all that is individual.
So, then once human or man, human being or man realizes this comprehensive spirit of unity, then anything that is individual in his spirit can be sacrificed for the realization of that.
ultimate truth and that is where lies the best freedom in human life.
So, he regards individual as expression of divine.
Divine is something which is about understanding this greater self or the connection with the universal man in individual soul.
So, by uniting with the divine, he can evolve to the supreme man.
So, idea of perfection, idea of attaining a personality or character of one's own are not guided by other.
be it society or religion or the caste or the political organization such as a state.
So, one realizes this divinity, then one can evolve into the supreme being where one is evolved with the other.
So, the characterization of Gandhi as Mahatma is the greater soul.
So, you can realize the pain and suffering or the feelings of others in your own self, once you realize this fundamental truth of your existence.
So, that is how he conceptualized modern man.
So, he believed therefore, in the unity of man despite the distinction of time and place, we are all simultaneously conditioned by our immediate surroundings in terms of time and space and yet, we realize the unity with the others.
So, it is the ability to feel the presence of one spirit in all men that makes one a great soul.
So, the idea of Mahatma, one feels the existence or presence of one spirit in all men or all in one is what makes a soul a great soul or Mahatma.
So, the coexistence of finite and infinite men, personal and the universal man.
characterizes the distinctive conception of man in Tagore's writing.
So, this is the perhaps, the best way to summarize his understanding of man which characterizes the simultaneous existence of finite that is his immediate biological or physical being with the infinite which is universal being, universal spirit in man and that is what characterized the conception of man in Tagore's writing.
So, Tagore was in his definition or understanding of man.
was trying to create a space for individual choice that stood apart from the imposed collectivities, be it traditional Indian institutions like caste, religion and patriarchal families or imperial subjecthood of colonial rule or contemporary mass movements for nationalism.
So, Tagore, in his whole writing, in his whole creative expression in different genre or engagement with other thinkers such as Gandhi and many others.
He was trying to create a space for this individual, individual who believes in this simultaneous existence of finite and infinite within his or her own personality.
So, he wanted this individual to have choice and as you know, many of our societies including India deny the individual this choice to think for himself or herself, to decide for himself or herself, be it half panchayat or some restriction by the state on the freedom of speech and expression.
So, all these things are.
some kind of restriction, some kind of restraint to the individual choice.
And Tagore, remains somewhat very critical of this kind of restrictions, whether it is coming from the Indian traditional institutions like caste, religion or patriarchal families or the imperial rule such as colonialism or British rule in India or the contemporary mass movements for nationalism.
And we have seen in his critique of nationalism, how it denies individual, his moral or ethical search.
And this is the good point to enter into this debate between.
Gandhi and Tagore.
Now, there is a very good work on this debate between Gandhi and Tagore by Savasachibhatacharya and I request you all to go through this work and many of the themes that we are going to discuss in this part of our lecture, we will discuss it again when we will discuss Gandhi.
So, there is this mutual respect or admiration between these two stalwarts of modern India, Gandhi and Tagore.
and yet very strong differences on many social and political issues between them.
It is well known that Mahatma Gandhi used to call Tagore the poet or the Gurudev.
So, both were in a way, deeply, emotionally connected with each otherís views and role and respected each otherís opinion and yet share very strong differences on so many issues.
So, in this part of our lecture, we are going to discuss some of those differences.
So, this part is Tagore, the Mahatma and the poet chronologies.
So, if you basically, go by this Savasachi Bhattacharya's work on Mahatma and the poet, there are these collection of letters are divided into different periods.
So, in first period from 1915 to 1922, so, we can through these chronology, we can situate these two thinkers in the historical context that was unfolding in India.
So, during this period, Gandhi returned to India.
There was development for non-cooperation and use of satyagraha as a political tool.
And Tagore was someone who realized the role that Gandhi can play in freedom struggle in India.
But he was very skeptical of the instrumental use of satyagraha in the non-cooperation movement by some of the followers of Gandhi to promote bigotry.
So, Tagore was someone who want the individual.
to realize his or her individuality and then act upon those realizations and not by blind or mere blind following or mere imitation of a thought even if it is coming from someone like Mahatma Gandhi.
So, he was very skeptical of this instrumental use of Satyagraha during the non-cooperation movement especially, by many of his followers which in the name of Satyagraha was promoting bigotry.
However, Gandhi was aware of the misuse of his ideal of Satyagraha in some instances by some people, but regarded them not as his true followers.
He also, rejected that it happened in the non-cooperation movement particularly.
So, Gandhi, even when there were instances of using Satyagraha as an instrumental tool, yet were with the opinion that it is not done by the true follower of his idea and he did realize that he particularly, he said that it has not happened during the non-cooperation movement.
Tagore did not support the boycotting of government schools since there was no alternative school available.
And Gandhi justified the boycott in saying that the education imparted there will make them helpless and godless.
So, there is this famous debate between Gandhi and Tagore about boycotting the government schools during the non-cooperation movement.
Tagore was of the view that as long as there is no viable alternative available for the students, they should not go for boycotting.
But Gandhi believed that there is no point having that kind of education which will make them helpless or godless in other sense.
merely, as a kind of tool in the whole structure of colonial domination and exploitation.
So, Gandhi called for the bicord, but Tagore believed that this kind of bicord without having any alternative is something which is not very helpful for national awakening or political freedom.
Tagore was also, a sceptical of the Cherkha and did not think that mere burning of foreign clothes could solve India's problem.
He also, did not support the Gandhiís obsession of the sins and limitations of western civilization.
Instead, he emphasized on taking a broader view of humanity and what you find is during this non-cooperation movement, Tagore was promoting for east and west cooperation.
But in India, Gandhi was promoting the non-cooperation.
So, he wrote a letter to C.F.
Andrews and arguing about his ironical situation, where in the west, he is preaching about east-west cooperation.
But Gandhi in India, talking about this non-cooperation between the two.
And in reply to that Gandhi has said that he is also as open or as free to accommodate ideas from other cultures or intellectual tradition as poet are referring to Tagore, but he refused to blown away by any of the ideas.
So, the famous quote we are aware that I want my home or window should be open for all kind of ideas to flow by, but I refuse to be flown by any ideas.
So, this debate helped in actually, learning from each other, yet at the same time, maintaining their difference.
So, on his position on Cherkha, because of their economic reason, Tagore criticized such use of symbol for political mobilization.
So, this debate on Cherkha becomes more crucial between 1923 and 1928 and Tagore questioned the economic efficiency of the program and criticized Gandhi for using moral language in place of economics.
For Gandhi, this economic or moral is not that distinct.
For Gandhi, it is in continuum.
So, Charikha, as he used for the political mobilization, for realization of Swaraj in his terms, economic Swaraj, for him, it is a kind of continuum.
There is no distinction between moral and the economic as Tagore was trying to argue.
The other difference was that Gandhi was opposed to casteism and untouchability, but he defended Varanashrama.
Tagore was fire's critic of Gandhi's position of Varanashrama for both political and moral grounds.
That is the sharp difference between Tagore and Gandhi and also, Gandhi and Ambedkar.
We will discuss when we will discuss Ambedkar, but Tagore also, saw some problematics in Gandhi's thought where on the one hand, he criticized untouchability, he criticized casteism but he defended Varanashrama and he, Tagore criticized such defense of Varanashrama both on political and moral grounds.
So, the next period between 1929 to 1933, they shared some of the challenges that India was facing that was about rising communalism and they tried to develop some common grounds which can help in mitigating this rise of communalism.
So, Tagore also, experienced this Calcutta right in 1926 and he therefore, wrote very fiercely against communalism and one has to remember during the Swadesi movement also, he was very critical of this growing difference between two major communities Hindu and Muslims and therefore, developed some kind of difference and distance with the Swadesi movement.
So, he went on to support straight forward.
As the result of continuing caste operation in the state, Tagore was shocked to see the irrationality in his argument.
Tagore was aware of the effect Gandhiís statement may have on the common people who blindly followed him and asked him clarification.
But Gandhi did not change his take on that.
So, there was an earthquake in Bihar in 1934 and Gandhi responded to that earthquake by portraying it as a kind of divine chastisement for the caste operation, such kind of irrational unscientific observation by Gandhi and also, because the possibility of its consequences on the common people, Tagore was very critical of such kind of utterance.
But Gandhi remained consistent with this position.
So, what we find is that Tagore and Gandhi had disagreement also, on Subhash Chandra Bose being eased out of congress.
So, this debate between Gandhi and Tagore, there is also some historical happenings when Subhash Chandra Bose and his politics and policy in the congress.
and Gandhi had serious differences with such policies and politics, Subhash Chandra Bose had to resign from the presidentship of the congress and there, the both also differed.
Finally, in summarizing their influential debate, we can find this debate on Gandhi and Tagore on some of the philosophical questions based on Swaraj, state and nationalism.
So, very briefly, on Swaraj and state, what we find is Tagore had more individualistic notion, individualistic notion as I have explained on his idea of man.
or the role of men, the freedom of men of liberty, Gandhi one is more collective consider.
So, it is not easy to distinguish one with the other.
There are many complementary trends in their thought on men or in their thought on Swaraj also.
But Gandhi was more practical, more pragmatic in terms of balancing the notion of Swaraj or his ideal Swaraj with the practical necessity of the historical time in which he was trying to mobilize public opinion and different sections of society.
So, in Gandhi, you have that pragmatic concern, but Tagore was very radical, too radical in terms of understanding the individual notion of Swaraj.
In Tagore's view, society was central to Indian context than the state.
For Gandhi, adopting this view was practically, not possible.
But here again, you see the complementary thoughts in both the thinkers, where certainly, for Tagore, the major problem or major challenge before India is the social and not the political.
But Gandhi realized that political freedom is as important perhaps as social freedom or realization of Swaraj in society or in the.
field of economics.
But for Gandhi also, remember, we will discuss his views on state or in his idea of oceanic circle or bottom-up approach.
He wanted to create a society which is not governed from top down, but from bottom up.
But still, the role of state and the idea of political freedom is much more there in Gandhiís thought than perhaps in Tagore.
Certainly, for Tagore, the whole and this he describes in Swadesi Samaj during this Swadesi movement, where this real organization of Indian society and Indian context, the primary role is that of society and not that of state, where in the western civilization or western society, the role of state or in present modern times, the role of nation was more central and Tagore want to continue.
with organizing the society, creating and organizing the Swadeshi Samaj, then making the state more central in Indian situation.
On views, his views on nationalism, we have discussed that instead of ethnic or chauvinistic form of nationalism, Tagore was more in favor of upholding the universal human being or brotherhood.
Gandhi too was aware of the limitation of nationalism, but for him, in petro-regime lies the path of attaining universal humanism.
Evil was only the exclusive selfish and narrowness of modern nations.
So, for Gandhi and in many other political thinkers as I have said in my introductory lecture, when they were fighting for the nationhood or attaining political freedom from the British, they were also equally, mindful of the universal connection or the role of India in the larger community of nations.
Yet, many of them believe that India to play a greater role in the community of nations has to attain its own.
freedom first, it attained its own political freedom from the British first.
But there is the difference between Gandhi and Tagore, where for Tagore, it is more about developing the cooperation, dialogue or solidarity than this ethnic chauvinistic nationalism, which inherently, lead to competition, conflict and violence.
Similarly, on science and technology, both thinkers in a way, shared some of the ideas, but they also, differed on the use of science and technology, where Gandhi, in his critique to modern civilization was critical of.
the use of many modern technology or big technology.
But for Tagore, the role of science and technology can be liberating for the human being as well.
So, finally, on education, what we find is that both Tagore and Gandhi had run schools outside the state sponsored system.
Gandhi in his ashrams and in many of the national schools and Tagore in his experiment in Shantiniketan and Sriniketan, while both of them emphasized on the use of mother tongue.
reflection of Indian life and culture and participatory schooling, they were different in the matter of basic education scheme.
So, for Gandhi, the Tagore criticism was that the basic education scheme of Gandhi on the ground of over emphasizing material unity.
So, Gandhi was more towards vocational training, vocational education at the cost of overall development of the people and limiting the poor students to the definitive vocation.
So, Gandhi, for him, the use of education should be to prepare the men or give the men vocational training for his economic betterment and etcetera.
For Gandhi, the manual work, therefore, the Charaka and other symbols that he used that becomes the means of intellectual training.
But for Tagore, the role of education is realizing the man or individual, the true nature, the true character of his being which is as we have discussed the simultaneous existence with the immediate biological, physical self with the universal self and man.
So, finally, on the relationship between the two.
So, one can understand that Gandhi was more a pragmatic political thinkers, yet he shares a lot of ideas with Tagore and vice versa.
Tagore shared a lot of ideas and have mutual admiration for Gandhi.
But they remain very sharp, very, they had very different opinion on many issues as we have discussed on education, state.
or science and technology and some of the symbolic or irrational even superstitious expression on the part of Gandhi.
And he was therefore, criticized by many of the Gandhiji followers also, even when he was regarded as a great thinker.
So, in Jawaharlal Nehru's words which he wrote in his letter to Kriplani on 27th August 1941, this is from the book I have told you about Savyasachi Bhattacharya, where he writes that no two persons could probably differ so much as Gandhi and Tagore.
The surprising thing is that both of these men with so much in common and drawing inspiration from the same wealth of wisdom and thought and culture should differ from each other so greatly.
So, it is something, which is very unique about Gandhi and Tagore, where on the many issues, they were deriving inspiration or their source of inspiration remains the same.
They share some of the common grounds in terms of many political or social.
of economic issues of India and yet, they differ a great deal and that we have just discussed.
And that is something very surprising according to Nehru.
But it will be wrong to understand that they do not complement each other or respect each other.
So, what we find is that both.
while sharing a friendship or mutual admiration to each other remain consistent with their opinions.
And in the practical political unfolding of our modern India, Gandhi did shape or influence lot of political programs.
But ideals of Tagore remains valid even when these political events was unfolding or even in our contemporary times.
So, in the words of Gandhi himself, he writes and I quote that the poet lives in a magnificent world of his own creation.
his world of ideas.
I am a slave of somebody else creation, the spinning wheel, but I may say in all humility that we complement each the other's activity.
So, this basically, summarized the relationship between Gandhi and Tagore, where Tagore and he believed that there is some kind of detachment from the actual immediate need of the politics for someone like him as a poet or as a poet philosopher to reflect about the larger.
aims and objectives of India and how to achieve them and someone who is grounded or embedded in the politics of the time.
So, the difference will emerge out of these two locations or situations of the thinkers and yet, both of them believed and in Gandhiís word, they actually complemented each otherís work.
So, that is all on Gandhi-Tagore debate.
He is someone who was far ahead of his times and as I have explained in previous lecture, that he saw things, he was more a kind of visionary thinker who saw things which many of his contemporary could not see.
And he thought about India or Indian identity which should be rooted in Indian cultural, social ethos.
Yet, should be open or accommodative to the ideas which is coming from the other intellectual traditions.
So, more about dialogue and thinking about universal man, cosmopolitan ideas that is there in Tagore which perhaps, in today's world remain more relevant than he was writing during the anti-colonial struggle.
And Tagore provided us insights on so many issues and challenges that we face especially, about lot of unscientific.
or unsubstantiated claims and counterclaims that we see.
So, that is all on Tagore.
So, on this topic which we have discussed Gandhi and Tagore debate and Tagore's ideas on men, you can look at some of the texts from this Kenneth Deutch or Pantham, you can read which is there for other readings also.
And especially, some essays by Tagore on creative unity, men, the religion of men from Rabindranath Tagore's selected essays from the Rupa publication, then Savisachib Bhattacharya.
the Mahatma and the poet.
And you can also, look at a very good write-up on Tagore unlocking cases from Sunil Khilnani's incarnations India and 50 lives and also, two roads to decolonization Tagore and Gandhi by Hirin Gohan, economic and political weekly and also, the English writings of Rabindranath Tagore volume 3 which came from Sahitya Academy and edited by Cesar Kumar Das.
So, that is all on Rabindranath Tagore.
Thank you for listening.
In the next lecture, we are going to discuss Arvind Oghuz.
Thank you.
Hello Hello and welcome everyone for this lecture on Aurobindo Ghosh.
And through Aurobindo, we will try to understand his ideas on self and also, his views on community and religion.
In this lecture, we are going to discuss Aurobindoís thought and situating him in his larger historical political context and also, the transformation or evolution in his life as well as in his thinking.
So, we will discuss that and finally, we will engage seriously with one of the key themes in Aurobindo Ghosh and his political thought.
that is idea of self.
We are going to discuss and I would also like to summarize whatever we have done so far in this course.
So, Aurobindo Ghosh is third thinker and we have done Raja Ram Mohan Roy and Rabindranath Tagore.
So, I will request you all to watch that video and send us your comments, suggestions, feedbacks and queries.
And we will try to respond to those as soon as possible or most certainly, within 24 hours.
So, I invite you all to send your comments, feedbacks and suggestions on the lectures we have done so far.
So, today, we are going to discuss Aurobindo Ghosh and Aurobindo Ghosh in a way, share some of the thought or idioms or vocabulary with the thinkers we have done.
And they also, share some of the… ideas about how to transform society, how to imagine or envision a new individual, a new self and what is the role of that self in his or her community and also, in the larger community of the humanity as such.
So, all these thinkers do share such ideals.
But Aurobindo Ghosh is uniquely positioned in these, among these thinkers.
He was someone who was in initial years completely cut off from his land that is his native Bengal, the language Bengali and he remained aloof or kept aloof from whatever political or social happenings was happening in his native land in Bengal and also in India.
He was a educated and remained cut off from the happenings that was going on or unfolding in India.
So, intellectually or in initial years, he remained somewhat aloof and cut off from the native land.
When he came back, then he began to seriously engage with his native language Bengali.
In fact, he started from the beginning.
from the scratch and dwell deeper and deeper into Indian intellectual tradition, Vedas, Upanishads and many other texts.
And he translated a lot of them.
He engaged very actively in the radical politics of his time for a brief period and then completely retired from the politics and get involved in.
in more yogic discipline or intellectual engagement in terms of writing and all.
So, Aurobindo Ghosh remains somewhat a mystic figure and yet very significant in terms of his contribution in different areas including active politics and also, some of the contemplative philosophical exercise.
So, we are going to discuss Aurobindo Ghosh in that sense and there is some.
challenges while doing it, but also, there are some significance of engaging with his thought and ideals.
So, what we find is Aurobindo Ghosh who is regarded as one of the prominent philosopher of 20th century India, he combined both political and spiritual dimensions of human life in his political thought.
Now, this remains somewhat deeply intertwined in his thought and action.
did not separate politics from spirituality and spirituality from politics.
For him, this human life or human condition is in a process of evolution and there this shift or not really, the shift evolution from a political to the spiritual realization is something in a continuum, not a kind of break or kind of two separate dimension.
So, in his all political thought, The combination of political and spiritual dimension of human life is very central.
And as we have just said that he is regarded as the more one of the prominent philosophers of 20th century India.
And he is also known as a revolutionary, a spiritual leader, poet, philosopher and socio-political thinker.
So, his interest is quite varied in terms of his engagement, his personal involvement with the social, political upheaval of his time.
his sensitivity towards the larger challenges before the humanity as a poet, as a philosopher or place of India in the larger world, his motherhood or the nation the way he defined.
He was very radical in his approach to politics and he was put in jail because of his involvement in the revolutionary activities in Bengal for a year.
And then, he transformed himself realized the spiritual need of realization of true self or true being which he called Adesh.
And after realizing that he retired from the politics and became a spiritual leader.
Aurobindo Ghosh combined all these different strands of activities and thought in his own life in his own personality.
And that makes him more complex, somewhat mysterious and uniquely positioned among the modern Indian political thinkers.
The challenge for then us to examine and understand Aurobindo Ghosh and his thought is for a very long time, his personality and contribution is not examined in its totality which often led to reducing him nearly as a religious figure or a mystic figure or a spiritual leader, not having practical, pragmatic application in resolving day to day political or other challenges.
The tendency of secularist.
so-called secularist who wanted to separate their ideas, their thought from anything that is closer to religion or something which is embedded in religion.
So, the tendency of the secularist to distance themselves from him as well as the selective appropriation of Aurobindo by the right wingers, so-called right wingers in India are equally accountable for somewhat under exploration.
of Sri Aurobindoís thought and ideals in their totality.
So, this uniqueness in his life and in his thought and ideals, those who call themselves secularists tend to distance themselves from the so-called religious thought of Aurobindo reducing him merely as a religious spiritual guru.
And on the other hand, you have many right wing trying to selectively appropriate Aurobindo, certainly, his idea of nation as a mother.
or his religious definition of nationalism.
So, one of the thinkers like Karan Singh, he considered him as a prophet of Indian nationalism.
So, there is this kind of challenges on the part of both secularist or the right wingers in their engagement with the Aurobindo and his thought.
And that is perhaps the reason why there is a kind of lacking in engaging with his thought and ideals in its totality, not selectively or not by reducing him to merely as a religious and spiritual thinker.
So, therefore, the need is to revisit Aurobindo and engage with his thought in all possible dimension not merely through a spiritual or religious lens, but in all possible dimensions which we will discuss.
as we move on in this course.
And now, there is a new kind of reading or engagement with Aurobindo and his thought in contemporary times, most recent is Peter Hiss's edited work on Aurobindo Ghosh.
So, now, to understand the significance of Aurobindo, it is appropriate perhaps to quote Desvandhu Chitranjan Das when he was defending Aurobindo Ghosh in famous Alipur bomb conspiracy case and because of that, he was put in the Alipur jail.
So, he was being tried with many other revolutionaries and Desvandhu Chitranjan Das was defending Aurobindo Ghosh and he appealed.
to the magistrate using these words which clearly signifies the life and teachings of Sri Aurobindo.
And he writes, I quote, ìMy appeal to you is this, that long after the controversy will be hushed in silence, this controversy surrounding Alipur bomb conspiracy, that long after the controversy will be hushed in silence, long after this turmoil and agitation will leave, will have ceased the turmoil in the political arena.î or agitation that was happening when long after such turmoil and agitation will have ceased, long after he is dead and gone, he will be looked upon as the poet of patriotism, as a prophet of nationalism and the lover of humanity.
So, this is the unique combination of Aurobindo Ghosh in the words of Deshbandhu Chitranjan Das where he considered him not just as the poet of patriotism or the prophet of nationalism, but also, as someone who was deeply.
deeply in love with the humanity and focusing more towards the unity with others and we will discuss when we will discuss his idea on self.
So, and then he goes on that long after he is dead and gone, his words will be echoed and re-echoed not only in India, but across distant seas and lands.
Thereafter, I say that the man in his position is not only standing before the bar of this court, but before the bar of high court of India.
So, that certainly, signifies the life and ideals of Sri Aurobindo Ghosh and his intellectual transformation in terms of political happenings and positioning himself or his response to such happenings.
Further on, his life and thought exemplify a living dialogue between what is called Eastern and what is Western philosophy.
So, one professor Robert McDormand.
states that the complementary of politics and spirituality typifies Sri Aurobindoís ability to draw diverse streams into a rich and dynamic synthesis.
So, he is also considered as a kind of syncretic thinker which accommodates, which unites, which synthesizes different strands of thought within a culture or across the culture.
As he combined politics and yoga on the one hand, he also combined western and Indian values.
So, in his own life, these combination of politics with yoga or spirituality on the one hand or values in different cultural or intellectual tradition on the other.
So, he was more a kind of synthesizing force in terms of articulating.
his ideas on many social political issues.
And the ashram that Aurobindo established in the city of Orville, even today, continue to practice most of these ideals through their day-to-day social and collective activity which transcends the limitation of a national boundary or a nation-state.
So, therefore, as we have seen, Aurobindo Ghosh remains somewhat a mystic figure because of his engagement, his evolution.
in his activity, personal life and also, in his philosophy, where he tries to combine both the politics and spirituality together.
And this combination is not just limited to Aurobindo.
As we have seen before, Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Tagore and when we will discuss Vivekananda or Mohandas Gandhi or even Iqbal, we will see this occurrence of relationship between religion on the other hand, politics on the other.
But the way Aurobindo theorized his ideals of nationalism, Indiaís role in the world is deeply, connected with his understanding of this relationship.
anything that is related to India or Indian matters.
There in England, he graduated from Kingís college with academic excellence and he also appeared in Indian civil service examination which he could not qualify because he failed in the writing test.
So, after getting the education and having achieved excellence, achieved success in his academic career, he came to India and worked in Baroda states for 14 years.
And this is the period when he seriously engaged with his own native mother tongue or many Indian.
Indian text or treatises or ancient Upanishads and other texts and also, engaged with the political activities, political activities in India.
So, this began with the publication of New Lamps for Old.
So, this intellectual response to the necessities or requirements of India when he returned and joined the Baroda state.
He wrote that theory… Though I may be called, I again assert as our first and holiest duty, the motivation and enlightenment of the proletariat.
The proletariat is, as I have striven to show, the real key to the situation.
Torpid he is and immobile, he is nothing of an actual force, but he is a very great force and whoever succeeds in understanding become by the very fact, master of the future.
Now, this is something, he was writing before the Rajasthan revolution, before Gandhi emerged on the scene, before Indian struggle for freedom took the character of a mass movement.
But he was the one who realized the force of the masses or the proletariat in social or political transformation.
And he in fact, somewhat foresee the emergence of a leader who can unite this force, mobilize this force.
which is at present stage immobile or aloof or indifferent to the political situations and the political happenings.
Or in other words, this historically speaking, the Indian National Congress dominated by the moderates believing in the constitutional method for social political reforms could not really, energize these proletariat and which is the basis for true social political transformation.
And then, we move on to his active political life which is for a very brief period from 1905 to 1910.
He actively engaged in the politics and was connected or familiar with the revolutionary activities in Bengal.
What you find is Aurobindo Ghosh is not just giving the intellectual response to the situations and unfolding of events in the political life of India, but also, himself was involved.
in many activities.
And in this very brief period, he emerged as a prominent leader of Indian national movement and he was invited not just by many natives in his native province of Bengal, but also, in Maharashtra or in Punjab or in other parts.
So, he became a force to reckon with.
Even the Britishers feared his active involvement in the war.
political activities.
So, within Indian National Congress, he was the very influential members of the extremist section.
So, as I was saying that during the time, he was engaging with the politics, Congress was by and large divided into two groups, extremist and the moderate.
In the extremist, you have Bal Gangadhar Tilak, C R Das along with Arvind Dho Ghosh and the moderate faction of Congress was represented by.
Firoz Sa Mehta, Gopal Krishna Gokhale among many others.
So, Aurobindo joined the extremist groups within the congress.
He actively, participated in the national movement of India for around 5 years and in combination with Vipachandra Pal and Bal Gangadhar Tilak, he vehemently, protested against the partition of Bengal and also, criticized the moderates and their methods within the congress.
So, his immediate involvement was during the Swadesi movement and as a response to the partition of Bengal by the British rule.
And he saw the nation as a mother and therefore, his engagement with the struggle for freedom, political freedom of the motherland is a more kind of religious duty.
And therefore, he conceptualized individual sacrifice for the creation or for the attainment of freedom for the motherland.
And therefore, he also was very critical of the methods that was being used.
being applied by the moderates.
And he also, gradually, realized the servile or dishonesty on the parts of the British rule.
And he realized that it cannot be trusted to allow the Indians to acquire the capability to represent themselves.
In other words, he seriously, dotted not just the methods of the moderates, but also, the intention of the Britishers.
And therefore, became an enemy or the greatest enemy for the British and many wise, certainly, one wise recommended that Aurobindo Ghosh is the force to reckon with for the British empire in India.
And he acquires.
immediately, the position of prominent that is reflected in 1907, when Congress was there was a clear divide between extremists and the moderates and for the next 10 years, such divides divide was there.
So, Aravindu Ghosh was the chairman of the informal meeting of the extremist groups in the 1907 Surat Congress.
So, that is his deep engagement or his deep or involvement with the national politics.
At this point, it is also, perhaps appropriate to understand the method he was contemplating for the political movement in India.
So, like Gandhi, he was talking about the passive resistance as the method for political reforms or political movements in India.
But what should be the method of such passive resistance?
Should it be always unconditionally non-violent as Gandhi was arguing or there should be a scope of violence.
Aravind Gause has a very innovative or unique response to such question where he believes that the nature of response will depend on the nature of repression from the oppressors.
So, if there is a time for arguing, articulating, mobilizing peacefully within the limits of the law or constitution then.
one should have non-violent passive resistance.
But if oppressor is too brute, then the violence or use of violence on the part of resister cannot be completely ignored or should not be criticized.
So, the nature of response or the use of violence or non-violence depend on the condition and Aurobindo Ghosh was very unique and different from Gandhian position on the passive resistance.
So, in this period, what we also find is he continuously wrote in Bandhe Matram, a journal which was edited by Pappin Chandra Pal.
And he himself started another journal called Karmayogin which remained a powerful political commentary of that time.
So, many leaders certainly like Jawaharlal Nehru who writes in the forward to Karan Singh book on Aurobindo Ghosh and his thought that he himself was when he was in England during that time, he used to read the commentaries or essay written by Aurobindo Ghosh in Vande Mataram to understand many of the political situation in India.
As I was saying that in Arvind Ghos, his treatment of native land or country as motherland, nation as mother and believing and worshipping it as divine remains central to his political philosophy.
For him, the struggle for nation and nationhood is not just kind of objective, instrumental approach to attain freedom, but for him, it is a more kind of religious spiritual activity to connect.
or to understand or realize the nation as a mother and through that the attainment of a spiritual life or spiritual meaning of self and the other.
So, his engagement with Swadesi or the political activities of that time was guided by this philosophy of understanding nation as a mother.
and believing and worshipping it as a divine.
So, he has a very religious or spiritual understanding of nation or national freedom.
When he was convicted of the Alipur bomb case, he was jailed for one year after which he was, he put an end to his political career and through the later part of his life, limited his activities to a spiritual domain.
Perhaps this was also the time in the words of Aurobindo, he realized his objective.
or the goal of life that is in a spiritual domain.
And he retired from the active politics after that incarnation and went to French occupied Pondicherry, that time called Chandranagar, then he was introduced to Madras and from then on, from 1910 to 1950s, he involved himself in the spiritual activity.
After this retirement, he founded one ashram in Pondicherry which formally, came into being in 1926, where he continued to stay till the end of his life in 1950s and mainly, he was engaged in writing and meditation.
He considers the mystic experience of those days in Alipur jail as the factor leading to this transformation in his political spiritual life.
And this was a transition from the nationalist anti-colonial revolutionary Aurobindo Ghosh to the international and cosmopolitan Sri Aurobindo.
That is the kind of evolutionary understanding of self and the other or society that was there in Aurobindoís thought deeply embedded in his political philosophy is also, exemplified in his own personal life where he began as someone completely aloof from the Indian happenings, who deeply engaged with the activities in the political arena.
was familiar with the radical or the revolutionary groups in Bengal and then gradually, transformed himself as a complete spiritual person.
And this transformation of Aurobindo Ghosh to Sri Aurobindo also, establishes focus on the international and the cosmopolitan ideals of these things.
So, what we find in Aurobindo Ghosh and his major idea is the synthesis of eastern and western values while taking the western from in philosophy, he kept Indian its substance.
So, he was someone accommodative of different cultures, different intellectual tradition and bringing them together, combining them together to.
to give his own unique scientific kind of philosophy and ideas.
And he believed in the objectification of spirit that is the expression of the universal in the individual life.
And this relationship between individual or the social or the universal is something, which is deeply embedded or forms the basis of Aurobindoís political and spiritual ideas.
In his opinion, it is the spirit alone that saves and only by becoming great and free in heart can we become politically great and free.
So, for him, the political freedom or Swaraj is not just to achieve political independence merely, but until and unless we also realize or internalize this freedom or greatness in heart in the spirit that we are part of the whole, we are part of the universal, we are part of the social.
We cannot be politically free or great.
So, for him, political freedom is something which enables the individual to realize this freedom and greatness in his or her heart and only then, a nation can become politically great and free.
And in his thought, he was deeply, influenced by European thinkers like Karl Lempurich and Auguste Comte and he borrowed the idea of distinct psychological stages that society passes through from Lempurich which is symbolic, conventional, individualistic and subjective.
We will come to this when we will discuss his views on.
As I have discussed that he regarded the path of passive resistance as appropriate in Indiaís struggle for independence.
But what should be the method of such passive resistance depend on the oppressors, the method that oppressors applies to tackle that resistance.
And he was a passionate, more emotional, psychological supporter of Indian nationalism.
And therefore, Karan Singh rightly pointed out and many others including as we have seen this Bandhu Chittaranjan Das, prophet of Indian nationalism.
And for him, nationalism was not merely a political program.
Unlike many others, many of his contemporaries, the nation or nationalism for him was not merely a political program, but resembled a religion which is gifted by God.
And all Indians should sacrifice for the attainment of such spiritual or religious, religious idea of nation as motherhood, the way he defined it.
And there, he differs a lot from many pragmatic.
thinkers of his time.
And he also, had a decolonized vision of international relation and many argue like Sartre and many others, their significance of Aurobindo to understand the global cooperation, global relationship between and among the nation-states also.
And this decolonized vision of international relation is inclusive of the other and recognize the possibility of alternative visions of a world state.
And that is something, which remains under explored in Aurobindo Ghosh and his political thought as I was saying in the beginning, because there is a serious reservation on the part of secularist.
And Aurobindo was critical of both these forms and what he proposed was a huge confederation of the people.
He believed in this idea of confederation rather than a kind of organized instrumental of system of governance.
So, he considered a spiritual religion of humanity as the hope of the future.
He thought that the spiritual unity will lead to psychological unity and his primary concern was the spiritual transformation of the people rather than material, political or economic transformation merely.
And to attain that spiritual unity, he was arguing for a loose confederation of people rather than a well-organized form of.
be it liberal or socialist form of democracy.
His converse was too broad to reduce it merely as a religious or a spiritual thinker.
So, apart from being a radical activist in his early life and his spiritual life in the rest of it, Aurobindo was a prolific writer and some of his remarkable works are The Ideal of Human Unity which remains his lifelong ideals and he continued to practice such ideals in his ashram in Pondicherry and that ashram in Auroville, he continued to practice most of such ideals.
So, his focus was on the ideal of humanity.
the life divine, Savitri, the synthesis of yoga, essays on the Gita, the integral yoga, the mind of light.
So, Aurobindo remained deeply engaged intellectually with many issues through his writings besides his spiritual urge or spiritual practice or discipline in the most part of his life, but also, as a revolutionary radical activist in early life.
And he also, published a journal which he titled Arya from 1914 to 1921.
Now, to discuss his ideas on self.
It is perhaps appropriate to begin with his understanding of human being or his or her ego and what is the role of such ego and how one can transcend such ego from this quotation which he wrote in true and false subjectivism from the human cycle.
For Aurobindo, the ego is not the self.
There is one self of all and the soul is a portion of that universal divinity.
The fulfillment of the individual is not the utmost development of his egoistic intellect.
vital force, physical well-being and the utmost satisfaction of his mental, emotional, physical cravings.
But the flowering of the divine in him to its utmost capacity of wisdom, power, love and universality and through this flowering, his utmost realization of all the possible beauty and delight of existence.
So, for Aurobindo Ghosh, most certainly, and we will see how he differs from liberal and the utilitarian conception of self and the purpose in life.
The ego that is there in this all being is not the self.
For him, there is only one self which is there in all and the soul in the self is the portion of that universal divinity which he also called Virat Purush or supreme being.
Now, the fulfilment of the individual life is not the utmost development of his egoistic intellect then or vital force or physical well-being or the utmost satisfaction of his mental, emotional, physical cravings.
But the flowering of divine in him, this realization that he is part of something bigger which is in all self, that realization leads to utmost wisdom, power, love and universality.
And through this flowering, one realizes all that possible beauty and delight of existence.
So, this understanding in Aurobindo Ghosh is more evolutionary.
rather than aesthetic, rather than rigid or given.
So, individual as his or her life unfolds, one realizes this purpose of life which is not about you know, fulfillment of the individual or his egoistic intellect or his personal, individual biological needs, but realization of this divine in him.
And through that, then one realizes the possible beauty and delight of human existence and that is how he defines the individual and his self.
So, this is then comes the connection between individual and the eternal self.
Eternal self is something which is bigger, which is always there, which is omnipotent.
present in everyone.
So, unlike Christian theology, duality in natural and the supernatural is not perceived in Indian philosophy which is one way of differentiating between Indian philosophy or Indian philosophy of nature or self on the one hand and the Christian or western philosophy on the other.
So, this duality of natural or supernatural is not perceived in Indian philosophy and it views the natural and supernatural as the manifestation of the same energy.
So, there is no kind of duality between nature or the supernatural.
So, Arvindotu making the connection between the individual and the universal argues that the eternal is the self of all other selves.
So, what is eternal, what is universal is something which is there in everyone, in all selves and it is the origin of all energy and support in nature.
So, that is the vital force, this eternal self is always there and it is manifested in individual self.
And this manifestation is not just in one self or a group of self, but in all self, in all human being and the task then for the human being is to realize.
that existence of divine in him and that is something connected with the Tagore ideals of self as we have discussed in previous lectures.
So, for him, the eternal or the supreme self is the supreme purusha or the Virat Purusha and individual selves are the manifestation of that Virat Purusha or the supreme self.
Now, what is true self then?
In the individual, Aurobindo talks about true individual self and deputy selves.
These deputy selves are the physical self, the vital self, the mental self, the supramental self and the blissful selves.
So, these are the different layers or different aspects.
of individual self like physical, vital, mental or supramental and the finally, is the blissful self.
For him, the true self is not the body, the vital ego or the rational mind.
The spiritual individual resembles the true self.
So, for him, the true self is not the ego of the individual or his vital ego or rational mind, but the spiritual individual, who is the spiritual individual?
One who realizes the existence of divine in him.
or existence of Virat Purush or supreme being in him resembles the true self.
To understand this, we can think about his evolutionary understanding of human collective self from symbolic to conventional to individualist and then finally, subjective.
So, these are different stages of realization of collective human self.
So, first stage he called symbolic stage is the one in which all the institutions and things become for man a symbolic expression of the divine.
That is a very primitive beginning of understanding the divine which is more in terms of attributing some faculty to some institution, some form and using it as a symbolic expression of the divine.
So, that is the symbolic stage of collective self.
That is followed by the conventional stage which is more rigid and formalized.
So, in all religion or especially, organized religion, this stage is more towards fixing the meaning or fixing or finality defines the conventional stage which is that every religion in its fundamentalist kind of interpretation claims monopoly over absolute truth and what it claims is considered as final.
So, that is the conventional stage of collective selves when there is a kind of rigid and formal formalized structure of divine self or divine understanding.
Now, this kind of understanding is followed by the resistance of reason and individual freedom which he calls the individualist is.
So, the resistance to this fixed, rigid, formalized religion through reason or individual freedom, that is the beginning of enlightenment or modern liberal understanding of self.
or the individual is that the reason and the individual is the true guide to understand the self and the other.
And that is the hallmark of individual stage.
Now, Aurobindo Ghosh is arguing for realization of the subjective age and this subjective age is characterized by the emphasis on the spiritual freedom of individual, not merely, the use of regional rational faculty or the autonomy of the individual, but understanding the spiritual freedom.
And this spiritual freedom again, is the unity of self with the other, one human being with the rest of the human beings.
And understanding that in all human beings, there is the manifestation of same divine, same supreme being which he also called Virat Purush.
And that is how he wanted to organize a confederacy of people and not really, kind of organized instrumental relations in or among the nation-states.
So, for him, this subjective age or this a spiritual freedom of individuals can be attained once individual internalize this belief and this belief is about the existence of same force of divine or the Virat Purush in him.
And then, when that individual after internalizing that belief also, believe that the supreme being is one and all expressed in the individual and in the collectivity and only by admitting and realizing our unity with others can we fulfill our true self-being.
So, for him, the realization of true self-being requires.
or prerequisites, this belief in the existence of supreme being which is one and all and expressed in the individual and in the collectivity and only, by admitting and realizing our unity with others.
So, the existence of individual human being is not in isolation, not an autonomous self-defining kind of subject, but in realizing this relationship or the intimate relationship with the others because of this similar manifestation of divine in others also, only then, we can So, he believes we can fulfil our true self-being or realize our true self-being.
So, what we find in Aurobindo and his ideas on self that he is very critical of western liberal conception of men as a rational and autonomous being or merely as a rational and autonomous being or self-defining subject.
He was also, critical of utilitarian view of the greatest happiness of the greatest number.
That kind of utilitarian understanding of human being or human life was deeply problematic for Aurobindo.
Because in his views, such approach not only limits the rationalism, the meaning of rationality or rationalism for the individual, but also, obstruct the spiritual and the political evolution of individual.
That is something is the constant evolutionary stages in human or collective social life that Aurobindo focuses.
So, this understanding of individual or man as merely as a rational and autonomous being or also, the philosophy of greatest good of the greatest number.
for Aurobindo actually, obstruct this realization of spiritual and political evolution in man.
So, for him, man is not just a material or expression of material or a soul, but an spiritual evolutionary being.
And this man is also a necessary force of a spirit for its evolutionary manifestation or progressive manifestation in the physical world.
The point he is trying to make here is, that the man or individual and as we have discussed in Tagore, the transcendence, immanent and the transcendence, something similar is here and it is perhaps, more clear.
That is that understanding of man is not merely, as a manifestation of matter or a soul, but a spiritual evolutionary being and this individual as a spiritual being.
is a necessary force of spirit and this spirit is something which is universal, something which is omnipresent and something which is in all of us.
Now, this spirit, this universal spirit or universal being manifest itself or manifest its progressive and evolutionary stages in the physical world, in our material world.
Through this man which is a spiritual human being.
So, there is a kind of complementarity between the universal spirit on the one hand and man on the other hand.
So, man in a way, individual in a way represent the universal spirit through his or her life and through his activities and his life, his purpose is to expand such realization and construct a relationship which is more based on love, harmony, cooperation.
and transcending all kind of limitations and narrowness.
So, what we also find, he interrelates the individual with the collective self or the society.
Now, how he interrelates the individual with the other, as I saying that in connection with the others, in realization with others, the existence of divine, the human being realizes the true meaning of his self and in a way, represent the universal spirit in the physical world.
So, through man, universal spirit manifest itself in the physical world.
Now, this relationship between individual and the other or society is best summarized by Deutch when he writes that a spiritual and political liberation is to be found in a very specific kind of relationship between the individual and society.
It is Aurobindoís insightful discussion on this relationship that makes his great contribution to the world political thought and becomes the basis for his solution to the perennial question of how political freedom.
can be realized within the context of spiritual perfection.
So, for him, political freedom cannot be realized unless there is also a spiritual perfection, a spiritual realization.
So, in this relationship between man and society, what we find in Aurobindo is this recognition that how political freedom or the condition which enables the individual realize his spiritual nature or his spiritual existence is something which can be realized.
attain collectively in a society and therefore, political freedom is necessary.
But political freedom is incomplete or inadequate without the spiritual perfection and that is the basis for his idea of nation, nationalism or even the world relationship or the confederacy of people that he was arguing about.
So, that is what is there in Aurobindoís political thought and his ideas on men, his personal ideas on men.
engagement with the politics or the spiritual search in the manhand.
So, whatever we have discussed today, you can look at some of these texts, The Foundation of Indian Political Thought by V. R. Mehta and also Sri Aurobindo and The Search of Political and Spiritual Perfection by Kenneth Deutch and Pantham from their book on Political Thought in Modern India.
This text remains the key text for our course.
So, from this text, there is one chapter by Kenneth Deutch.
on Sri Aurobindo which you can look at.
Also, from Peter Hiss, edited Situating Sri Aurobindo.
And then from Aurobindo himself, you can find his essays on the human cycle, the ideal of human unity, war and self-determination.
And certainly, Karan Singh, especially, his essay on Aurobindo, the revolutionary and also, Prophet of Indian Nationalism, you can look at.
So, please go through the readings, watch the lectures and let us know what you think about the lecture and about your queries and comments.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends to the second and concluding lecture on Iqbal.
In the first lecture, we have discussed Iqbal, his political life, influences on his thought and his conception of Khudi or self and also, his ideas about reconstruction of religious thought in Islam.
In this lecture, we are going to discuss his thought on community and religion and also, how it is connected to this idea of community.
So in this lecture, we will discuss his views on religion.
nation and how these ideas on religion and nation is deeply connected with the idea of community in the sense of calm and millat.
And as we have discussed in Iqbal, he was trying to reconcile between two contradictory forces of nationalism as a territorially defined geography on the one hand and the universal appeal of humanism in Islam or global fraternity on the other.
In a way, swimming against the tide of his time in a sense of establishing or articulating the idea of Pan-Islamism or Millat as a religious community in Islam and trying to reconcile it with the idea of nationalism.
So, in this lecture, we are going to discuss his thought on Qaum, Millat and how these are embedded in his overall thinking and theorization of Islam or Islamic religion.
We will begin with his criticism to Sufism from which he derived some of the ideas.
But he also, critiqued the Indian variant of Sufism which tries to articulate the individual and his role in a sense of connecting with the higher spiritual self by withdrawing from the real world.
Iqbal on the other hand, wanted the individual to constantly act upon his thinking and belief and we have seen in the previous lecture in his philosophy of self.
how he defined individual as someone who act and someone act that defines him and not just his thinking or thought about society, politics and religion.
So, to look at his critique of Sufism, what we find is Iqbal was influenced by many ideals of Sufism and however, he did not accept Sufism and its philosophy as a whole.
What he accepts from Sufism?
is the teaching of Sufis as it emphasizes on the role of intuitions in the process of cognitions.
This is opposite to the western focus on rationalism or reason as the basis of thought.
Iqbal derived his understanding of cognitive process or thinking from the Islamic tradition, especially Sufism which believes in the role of intuition in the cognitive process.
However, Iqbal has also, problems with many of the teachings of Sufism.
So, he completely, rejected the negative attitude of the Sufis.
towards reason and rationality and its emphasis more and more on experience or the feelings or the emotions or the belief systems.
So, Iqbal was trying to reconcile between these intuitions, beliefs and faith on the one hand and reason and rationality on the other hand.
And there is the contribution of Iqbal in the reconstruction of religious thought in Islam.
And he was also, critical of their preachings of manís withdrawal from the religion.
So, in many of the religious doctrines including Sufism, there is this understanding of human being and its true nature and realization of such true nature by withdrawing the self from the real world, the outer world.
Iqbal has a very radical understanding of such viewpoints where he believes that men must act upon or ceaselessly, engage with the real world and that engagement.
enables him or her to realize the true nature of the self and it also help in the reconstruction of society and transformation of the social political condition of the community.
So, many of the degradation that he saw in India as a whole particularly, among the Muslim community, he believed in this ideals that such teachings of withdrawal from the real lead to stagnation or withdrawal and resignation of individual to the fate and to the divinity.
He wanted a self, individual who is defining himself, who is acting upon his beliefs and that acting enables the self to define itself and not the divine intervention or the fate as we have seen in his idea of self or Khudi.
So, in Iqbal, there is the deriving of certain ideals from Sufism, but also, rejection of many of its negative teachings which teach the individual to withdraw from the real world.
So, Iqbal believed that the mysticism of Sufi cannot contribute to the overall development of human personality.
And therefore, he wanted the reconciling between mysticism, intuitions or some religious doctrine or principles.
in Islam with the modern rational or logical arguments of the modern continental analytical philosophy.
So, he wanted to combine the two to redefine the notion of self within the Islam and on that basis, he also criticized the western conception of self.
And his theory of politics or millat or Qaum is defined by such reinterpretation of Islam in the light of modern knowledge and thinking.
If you look at his views on religion and Islam, particularly, his speech in Allahabad as a president of the Muslim League, he said that religion is a power of the utmost importance in the life of individual as well as for the states.
Now, this point is crucial to understand the shift.
in Iqbal from a patriotic Indian nationalist to a supporter of separatist Muslim nationhood and gradually, to a kind of pan-Islamic thinker in terms of millat as a community of Islam as a creed.
So, in his whole articulation and thought process, religion becomes the basis, the very foundation of all his philosophy of self-reliance.
or community or nationhood or the pan-Islamic notion of community.
So, he developed the critique to congress notion of Swaraj or politics which emphasized on the secular notion of the politics.
Whereas, Iqbal was promoting or articulating a polity which will be guided by the Islamic principle or the Islamic laws.
Of course, it will be reinterpreted with the modern knowledge with reason.
And he was for liberal interpretation, but nonetheless, his polity or his understanding of polity and state is something which should be guided by the religion.
So, religion for and therefore, he argued in many of his speeches and writings against any form of Swaraj and politics which is rejecting the religion and professing secularism which he considered as the reason of decline in the West.
He was very critical of that.
So, he said that Swaraj for him has no meaning unless it also includes the religion and religious teaching.
So, for Iqbal, religion and its power remain very fundamental and it has application for the individual self and also, for the polity of the state.
This is further implied in his statement that Islam is something more than a creed.
For Iqbal, religion is something more than a creed.
birth, locality, naturalization, it consists in identity of belief, the ideal, the principle, the moral belief system or the ethical belief system of self and how self is manifestation of divinity and what is the ideal of the self.
And this realization of divinity in self is possible within a community and that community is the community of Islam.
So, he considered this idea of Islam as a community or as a nation.
which is not determined or its membership is not determined by birth, locality, naturalization.
So, all the boundaries of birth, race or geography is transcended by this new interpretation of Islam and the role of Islam in governing individual and the collective life in Islam in Iqbal's philosophy which provide a kind of equality, a kind of comradeship among the believer.
of Islam which determines the nature of the community or the nation which is a kind of continuum for Iqbal.
So, Iqbal argued that Islam is a philosophy of life, the embodiment of definite historical and cultural tradition, social and legal institution and a way of living.
He also believed that working of Islam as a culture is inspired by a specific ethical ideal, that belief in one god supreme almighty and that supreme almighty is manifested through its believer.
The individual self is the manifestation of such divinity and the objective of the life for Iqbal is to realize such divinity in the individual self through constantly acting upon one's belief system and not merely by thinking or by resigning or by withdrawing from the.
from the real world.
So, for Iqbal, Islam is a philosophy of life which is embodiment of a definite historical and cultural tradition and also, the social and legal.
So, he wanted to have a modern system of collective consensual decision making.
But that decision making should be based on Ijtihad.
That is the collective argument about policies, laws, institutions and the frameworks to govern the modern collective life.
But that should be guided by Iqbal.
a particular belief system or a philosophy which is provided by Islam which is beyond the narrowly defined or interpretation of Islam as merely as a belief system or creed.
So, in Iqbal, we also find that he never equated Muslim nationalism with religious intolerance and with narrow communal outlook.
So, for him, the Islam and Islamic religion is interpreted or projected in a broader liberal can include all kind of differences or plurality and yet believe in one particular almighty or god as a way of combining the difference and yet believing in something to which all agree despite of their different or plural characteristics.
So, for Iqbal, the definition of Muslim nationalism was not about religious intolerance or communal in outlook, he said that Islam does not bifurcate the unity of man.
into irreconcilable duality of spirit and matter.
In Islam, God and the universe, spirit and the matter are organic to each other.
So, this is also Iqbal's response to the modern conception of self, spirit and the matter.
So, there is lots of debate in analytical philosophy about the primacy of spirit over matter or among the materialism about this duality of God or the man or nature or the man.
Iqbal tries to transcend such binary or duality by explaining it as a kind of continuum, as a kind of constant ceaseless movement for acquiring new and newer form or a spirit.
So, in Iqbal's, the idea of nation also is a kind of continuum.
So, as an individual believer in Islam, one can realize its true nature or true meaning only in a community.
That community of Islam can be either Qaum which is a nation or Millat which is a kind of Islamic community which encompasses all the national boundaries.
So, in Iqbal, there is a kind of constant unfolding of oneself from individual to the larger and to the still larger kind of thing.
So, in such definition, there is a kind of organic connection between each other rather than the duality or binary as often seen in many philosophy and thought process.
So, Iqbal openly acknowledged that the reformation of Islam would serve the socio-political ends as well.
So, in a sense, Iqbal is not someone trying to preach the religious or the supremacy of a particular form of worship or belief system.
For Iqbal, Islam is something much more.
than merely a belief system or a creed.
And he thought that if the Ijtihad that we have discussed, the liberal interpretation or permitting the individual or giving the permission to individual to interpret the Islamic laws particularly, liberally in their own ways, then it can also lead to the socio-political developments as well on the social and the political policies.
can also be formulated on the basis of such liberal interpretation of Islam.
Here it is also significant to note that Iqbal is also making a difference between the complete freedom or the free will to interpret Ijtihad by the individual on the one hand and also, submitting to the will of God on the other.
So, this continuum from the liberal interpretation of Ijtihad and submitting to the will of God in a form of community, that is something also very unique to Iqbal.
Iqbal which is very distinct from the modern western conception of atomistic self-thinking and realizing its own self, the way it thinks and act upon in an isolatory atomistic way.
Iqbal is conceptualizing the individual in connection with the community and that is something very unique in his thought.
So, he explained the need to reform Islam by citing progress of the development of social thought and science in the West.
So, many of his ideas.
about self, the ego, the rationality, the role of logic comes from his engagement with the modern western philosophy.
So, he believed then that it is the duty of the leaders of the world of Islam today to understand that the real meaning of what has happened in Europe and then move forward with self-control and a clear insight into the ultimate aims of Islam as a social policy.
So, he believed.
that Islam can be a guide for the public, political and social policies among the Muslims community as a whole.
And he cautioned or he invited the leaders among the Muslim communities to realize the true meaning of modern science or modern rationality.
and its role to reinterpret Islam in the light of modern circumstances in the according to the requirements of the modern life.
And that can perhaps lead to a kind of social policy which will be in continuation with the ultimate aim of Islam.
So, the religious embeddedness of Iqbal remains very foundational even when he is trying to reinterpret Islam liberally or the tradition of Ijtihad.
His ideas on Khudi, the self, the Qaum which is nation or nationality or Millat which is the universal community on the basis of Islam.
So, if you look at these notions in Iqbal, we find that the most significant contribution to political thought of Iqbal were these twin concepts of Khudi which is self-affirmation or ego and the Millat used by Iqbal to refer to the religious community and equated with nation.
So, Qaum and Millat is a kind of… continuation based on the religious ideals and laws of Islam.
So, this connection, this twin principle of Khudi or the self on the one hand and the notion of millat or the religious community on the basis of Islam on the other is something, which is the contribution of Iqbal to political thought.
So, what we find is that although, he championed the need for the free development of the Khudi or the self.
western conception of self on the other.
So, Iqbal in his conception of individual, where he focuses on this free development of individual in his notion of khudi or self, he also, somewhat, interpret or counterbalance it with this collective self or the role of community.
So, the khudi, the self can attain or can achieve or realize its own self in a community, not in isolation from the community and not by being autonomous or free from the community and larger collective self.
So, in Iqbal's philosophy and writings and works, we find a very delicate balance or counterbalance between the free will or complete free will of the self.
to develop itself on the one hand and also, how he wanted that individual to submit to the collective ego or the ego of the community.
And that way, he thought that individual can realize its own true meaning as described in the Islamic laws and tradition.
Here the use of term millet in Iqbal's philosophy is very interesting in a sense that the term is generally used in Quran.
This word millat which is also form of community of pan-Islamic community based on Islam or belief in Islam.
This term, he has taken from Quran where it refers to a religious community.
But the interpretation he gave is along the line of modern polity where there was debate about league of nation or the community of the nations or the global institution.
In such a way, he propounded this idea of millat or pan-Islamism which he has taken from many other Muslim scholars and preachers.
So, his interpretation of Islam as a polity led him to postulate that the individual ideally belongs to a supra-territorial community of believers, believers in one faith, one absolute being that he calls.
There is also a shift in this idea of community from calm to millet.
So, he also, because of the immediate circumstances or the historical circumstances of his time, supported this idea of calm or that definition of calm based on religion.
So, therefore, he championed the cause of separate statehood for Muslims in Indian subcontinent.
But he was not satisfied or in his matured philosophy, he certainly talked more about a millat and he rejected the whole idea of nation and nationalism like Tagore.
So, there is a shift in his thought from calm.
to Millat.
And what we find is that in Iqbal, earlier, he emphasized on Islam as national community and he articulated Pakistan on the basis of this homogeneity or similarity or a kind of religious gift to the Muslims in subcontinent which automatically or naturally enables them to form as a people, as a community.
So, his idea of Qom as a national community, he emphasized in his earlier writings.
Whereas, in the later period or in his later writings, he proceeds to emphasize on Islam as a part of millat which is a religious community of those who believe in the same god or who believes in the absolute of that almighty.
So, he elaborated that the body and soul of millat are composed of a belief in the unity of god and this very unity is the basis of unity of thought among the Muslims.
So, the global community of Islam.
as a millat is possible because of this unity in a belief about the unity of the god.
There is one god that is absolute god and that belief enables a kind of unity of thought among different races, different territorial communities or linguistic communities who may follow the Islam and yet, they develop a similarity.
in outlook, in their thought, in their polity and Iqbal gradually, emphasized more on such idea of millat as the true community or as an ultimate objective of Islam and the way he was trying to reinterpret Islam not merely as a religious doctrine, but also, as a guide for the political community.
So, Iqbal clearly, visualized that Muslim as part of a wider nation that is a supra geographically or territorially defined nation of believers born together by the teachings of the prophet and the message of the Quran.
So, that is something which unite, which give a kind of similarity in outlook and in thought among different groups, different races, different geographies of the believers in Quran or the message of prophet.
So, therefore, we can clearly see a transition in his thought from Muslim nationalism to a pan-Islamic.
thinker or someone who supported the pan-Islamic unity.
So, he as a philosopher, however, never clearly, separate the concept of religious community as a millat or pan-Islamism and the national community as a comm.
And that although he tried to distinguish these two concepts, he was not very consistent.
That is because he stated Indian Muslims as a nation in his famous presidential address of 1930s.
But in his opinion, this did not mean that any religious community constituted a nation.
So, there is a kind of tension in this concept of Qaum and Millat in Iqbalís third.
Here, on the one hand, he promoted or articulated the idea of Millat as the ultimate objective of Islam and all the nations of Islamic world should unite to form such community.
And he began to write in person also because person is the mean mode of communication among the Muslim world.
So, gradually, he moved away from his writings in Urdu to Persian writing and his intimate knowledge of Persian enabled him to conceptualize such a world community of Islam on the basis of Islamic teachings and laws.
But he also, supported and promoted the idea of Pakistan on the basis of religion.
And so, therefore, the calm and millat remain a kind of inconsistent ideals or a kind of tension in Iqbal's thought and philosophy.
So, to understand this more, we can take these two couplets from Iqbal and one can understand this tension of calm and millat in his thought.
So, he wrote it in this tension one can understand from this writing of Iqbal where he says, Our essence is not bound to any place, neither is our heart of India or Syria or Rome.
Rome, here he is referring to Rumi, a mystic figure who profoundly wrote on the idea of self and Iqbal was greatly influenced by his teaching.
So, he writes that our essence is not bound to any place in the geographical sense.
Also, neither is our heart of India or Syria or Rome nor any fatherland.
do we profess except Islam.
So, Islam is the basis of millat or the ultimate allegiance for any Muslim believer or any believer in Islam.
So, they do not confine their allegiance and loyalty to a particular nation which is geographically or territorially defined, but something which is religiously defined which is millat.
And therefore, he wanted the believers to believe in such community of pan-Islamic nations.
So, further on, we can find that China and Arabia are ours, so is India ours.
We are Muslims and the whole world is our country.
So, it is a kind of transformation in his thought about the role of Islam or how one can constitute a community of the world on the basis of Islamic laws or the Islamic principles.
And therefore, for Iqbal, establishment of a Muslim state or a nation, it is a kind of So, in Indian subcontinent was not an end in itself, but a means to achieve a higher goal by integrating the national identity with the world millat.
So, he supported the creation of Pakistan as a separate nation, but that was not an end in itself.
For Iqbal, that was a means to achieve something higher, something superior that is the community of Islam, the millat.
This understanding of millat in Iqbal was based on these two principles.
One was the absolute equality of all the members of the community.
So, there is no discrimination on the basis of race, language or the geographical location or the territory.
For him, the absolute equality of all members, the whole idea of fraternity or brotherhood, the true meaning in Islam becomes one of the founding principle of this idea of millat in Iqbal.
So, absolute equality of all members of the community.
and B the love of God is absolutely supreme.
So, the second principle of this millat is the will of Allah or will of God.
So, therefore, in his conception of self also, while he wanted the individual to define himself or herself, yet should be willing to submit himself or herself to the will of God or the ego of community or the collective self.
So, that is something which constitute his idea of millat as well which is based on these two principles.
One on this absolute equality of all the members of the community and the second, this belief in one god which is absolutely supreme.
So, this kind of pan-Islamism will bring about according to Iqbal, a spiritual democracy.
And this is something which is an alternative to the secular or the western modes of democracy and its beliefs in this dichotomization of different spheres of life between polity, economy and religion on the other hand.
And religion recedes to the private life.
For Iqbal, religion should be at the forefront of all spheres of life and more so, in the collective life of the community.
So, he believes that this idea of pan-Islamism will bring about a spiritual democracy.
which is the ultimate aim of Islam in which the many can become one without sacrificing their plural characteristics.
So, this is his idea of Pan-Islamism or Millat, where all the communities despite of their different characteristics, different physical outlook, different language, different races can form a solidarity, can form a brotherhood on the basis of this.
two principles and that can lead to a kind of spiritualized democracy which is the ultimate aim of Islam, the way he tries to use Islam for the political transformation in the community.
So, now, to discuss about his views on nation and nationalism, we find Iqbalís critique of nation-state and his call for political reorganization of India, where the result of his attempts to relocate the nation along the lines of religion.
So, for him, he was Muslims in Indian sub-continent is automatically then constitute a nation or a people which he felt was only way to secure the proper development of the individual.
So, Iqbalís reformulation of the concept of nation and nationalism should not simply be understood as a reassertion of pan-Islamism.
And therefore, one needs to deeply engage with these concepts of nation and miller in Iqbal.
There is no kind of either or one.
in place of the other.
There is a kind of continuum in his thought about individual, the community in the form of calm and then finally, miller.
Iqbal who is also known as Allama Iqbal rejected the ideology of nationalism and the modern nation-state structure as they originated in the West.
Like many other Indian thinkers such as Gandhi and Tagore, he was very critical of the colonial influence and the mere transplantation of western political ideas and institutions.
Iqbal argued that the colonialist ideology would only serve to perpetuate colonial domination even after the decolonization.
So, there is some kind of originality and the critique to the blind imitation of western concepts and ideals by many leaders and thinkers in Indian subcontinent.
And like Gandhi and Tagore, Iqbal was able to see that even after the political independence, if one disconnects oneself from one's own tradition, one's own religion, then perhaps, it will lead to the perpetualization of colonialism even after India attained the independence.
He gradually, developed a critique of nationalism and in his poem, Khizr-e-Rah that means, the guided path where he also, described the future of Islamic polity is a work in which Iqbal made reference to the political events which had shaken the Muslim world.
He described western civilization and nationhood as the narcotics of imperialism which leads to exploitation of one nation to the other.
And the idea of nationalism, the self-interest and the perpetualization or maximization of self-interest.
which leads to competition and ultimately, to war and conflicts.
Iqbal followed or understood such negative or destructive forces in western civilization and nationhood.
And therefore, he criticized such ideals of nation, nationalism and statecraft as it emerged in modern west.
So, Iqbal declared nationalism to be the greatest enemy of Islam.
which prevented the formation of the global pan-Islamic community in the form of millat.
So, writing to Syed Muhammad Syed Al Uddin Jafri in 1923, he noted that the export of the political ideals of nationalism into West had spurred him to write on the nature of true Islam.
He stated that though he had been one of the first in India to call for a Mutahida Kaumiyat that is composite or united nationalism.
So, unlike Sir Syed Ahmad Khan, he was a He wanted Muslims in India to participate in all India struggle for political independence.
So, he was in the beginning in support of this composite or combined nationalism.
He rejected such views as his idea matured and emphasized more and more on miller than on the idea of nation which he believes as a kind of enemy of Islam which prevented the formation of the global community of Islam.
So, his study of Islam had led him to conclude.
that nationalism was not only incompatible with Islam, but it was a threat to the very principle of Islam which is about the realization of true God or absolute belief in that God.
And that belief in God enables a kind of absolute equality among the members of the believers.
And he believes that the fragmentation of such believers into different nationalities and nation is the greatest threat to the So, to look at his vision for Pakistan, we find that his ideology of Muslim nationalism preceded the spread of ideas of Pan-Islamism which asserts the necessity of uniting on the basis of Islam irrespective of state, territory, ethnic, racial and national differences.
So, his gradual shift was to form a global community of Islam, Millat or Pan-Islamism.
But in the beginning, he was also in support of a separate nationhood in Indian subcontinent for the for the Muslims.
So, he believes that Islam as a means of uniting for resisting the domination of West and it is necessity of the social progress and independent development of the people in the East.
However, he agrees with the view of Muslim as a super class and supra national entity and that remains very foundational in his philosophy.
So, he emphasized on the religious isolation of Muslim community as well as the blending of the concepts of religious and national unity in his overall understanding.
So, in a later on March, he was invited to In 1928-1909, he wrote, I myself have been of the view that religious differences should disappear from the country and even now, act on this principle in my private life.
But now, I think that the preservation of their separate national entities is desirable for the Hindus and Muslims.
The vision of the common nationhood in India is a beautiful ideal and has a poetic appeal.
But looking to the present condition and the unconscious strengths of the two appears incapable of fulfillment.
And therefore, he supported this combination of religion with the emerging idea of nation and nationhood.
So, from 1930s, he arrived at the conclusion that his ideas of equality and freedom could be embodied only in the Islamic state and that consequently, the Muslims of India had no other option but to fight for the self-determination and the creation of Pakistan and that is how he becomes the spirit behind the ideals of Pakistan.
So, one can also find his struggle with this idea of nation and nationalism and the role of religion in his ideal of nation and nationalism in his letters to Nehru.
So, he writes, nationalism in the sense of love of one's country and even readiness to die for it.
Its honour is a part of Muslim faith.
It comes into conflict with Islam only when it begins to play the role of a political concept and claims to be the principle of human solidarity demanding that Islam should recede to the background of a mere private opinion and cease to be a living factor in the national life.
And that is his whole criticism of the secular notion of politics or the nationhood.
promoted by the Congress.
He wanted Islam or the religion to be at the forefront of the national life and that is how he conceptualized Pakistan as an Islamic nation or Muslims in Indian subcontinent to have a nation or a state of their own, where they can govern themselves according to their own religious tradition or beliefs.
So, he further writes that nationalism Islam was an independent problem for Muslims only in those countries where they are in minority.
In countries with a Muslim majority, nationalism and Islam are practically identical.
But in countries where Muslims are in minority, their demand for self-determination as cultural unification is completely justified.
So, that is something which is based on his belief in Islam and its teaching which enables the individual to realize his individual, his self and also the community.
of believers to govern itself according to the laws and principles of Islam.
So, therefore, here it also seems that the nationalism as such is not a problem for the Muslims.
It becomes a problem when religion is receded into the background merely as a private opinion, something which has no role in the public political national life.
Iqbal was against such ideals and he wanted whether a country is dominated by Muslim majority, then there is no problem because the religion and nation is identical in such a country.
But when there is a Muslim which is in minority, then their demand for self-determination or cultural innovation is justified because they want to govern themselves according to their own laws or their own traditions.
So, that is how he thought about nation and despite nation being an enemy or a kind of obstruction for the formation of millat, he supported for the immediate cause formation of separate statehood on the basis of Islam or religion.
So, now, to conclude, we find that the challenges to understand Iqbal lies in the fact that the religion was the basis of all his philosophical formulations.
So, his notion of self or Bekhodi, selflessness.
his nation of Qom or nationhood or the millat, the global community of Islam.
Every conception of his thought is based on his belief in the Islamic laws and Islamic teachings.
The controversy that continued to shroud the legacy of Allama Iqbal resulted in appropriating or misappropriating his name to legitimize various causes and socio-political stances.
Championed by some as one of the chief founders of Pakistan, he continues to be hailed by others as the unfailing patriot of India.
And that is the controversial legacies of Iqbal whether he should be appropriated or projected as a national poet of Pakistan or as spirit behind the Shia dominated Iran or as a patriotic leader of India.
And there is the contentious.
nature of debates and discussion regarding the appropriation of Iqbal and his legacy.
But in his thought, we see the emphasis on religion and embeddedness of his religious thought on his philosophy of self and the community and his gradual movement towards the ultimate objective of realizing a community of the world beyond the limitations of geographically defined national territories be it India, Pakistan or Syria or any other country.
So, there is this problem in appropriating or misappropriating Iqbal.
The importance attached to appropriation of Iqbal legacy is attested to by the fact that both Nehru and Jinnah have in their respective writings claimed the support of Allama Iqbal.
Even Rabindranath Tagore remembered.
On his death, he wrote that it was a great loss for India because of his teachings and his appeal not just to a particular nation but to a global humanity.
And the human ideals in Islam, he has perfectly articulated in his conception of millat.
So, interestingly, attempts have been made to appropriate the figure of Iqbal in support of political demands outside of India.
South Asia as well.
So, indeed Iqbal was a prophetic and visionary political thinker which helped in shaping the Muslim renaissance in India or Indian subcontinent along with Sir Syed Ahmed Khan as we have discussed in the previous lecture.
His comparative approach that is his understanding of Hindu as well as the Muslim tradition on the one hand and Islamic laws and teachings on the one hand and western philosophy on the other enabled him to criticize western philosophy.
in the light of Islamic traditions and teachings.
At the same time, he also argued for the liberal interpretation or Ijtihad of Islam or Islamic law in the light of modern knowledge and rationality.
So, there is a kind of two-way movement in his thinking, in his philosophy where he respond to the decline of waste from his understanding or inspiration from Islamic teachings or principles.
While on the other hand, he wanted Islamic laws and Quran to be interpreted liberally in the light of modern knowledge and rationality.
So, that is a kind of unique contribution of Iqbal.
Iqbal's works are often read as a spirit behind the formation of Pakistan which is not completely true.
As we have seen that his thought embedded as it was in the Islamic tradition culminated into the articulation of millat, the global community of Islam.
However, calm and millet remained an unresolved tension in his philosophy and thought.
Although he rejected the whole concept of nation and nationalities, yet his thought became the basis for the creation of Pakistan and therefore, his appropriation as the national poet or the spirit behind the Pakistani nationalism or nationhood.
And it further lead to perhaps somewhat awkwardly, in limiting Iqbal and his philosophy to take territorial boundary of nation.
which was by and large, about universal humanism in Islam and had a universal appeal.
So, Iqbal and his appropriation and limitation of his thought to a particular nation and nationality is something which is constantly being done, appropriation and misappropriation by different communities, different nationalities.
But Iqbal by and large, was arguing more and more about formation of a polity.
or a system of governance and state which is guided by the Islamic laws and Islamic principles and which helps in the realization of the objective as enshrined in Islam which is basically, on the basis of this twin principle of absolute equality among the members of the believers and also, the belief in one supreme god which is absolutely almighty or absolutely supreme.
So, it is very easy to limit him to the as a thinker of a particular nation.
But the contribution of Iqbal is to reinterpret Islam and to enable it or to make it relevant for the modern polity, modern life and rescue it from the religious dogmas and the conservative interpretation of Ilima by enabling the individual to learn from the Islam and interpret it liberally, and realize his or her true self which lies among the community.
in the immersion of the community among the believers which is unlike the western conception of self which is an isolation or isolatory or atomistic selves.
So, that is some of the emphasis in Iqbal which unfortunately, ignored by the many appropriators of Iqbal.
So, that is what we have to think about when we theorize or discuss Iqbal and his legacies.
So, on this lecture, you can refer to some of these books like Ideology of Muslim Nationalism by L. R. Gordon in Iqbal, Poet, Philosopher of Pakistan.
And also, this takes the development of political philosophy by Arifat Hassan from the same book Iqbal, Poet, Philosopher of Pakistan and also, the Muslims of India.
This is the presidential speech of Iqbal in Allahabad in 1930s incarnation by Sunil Khinani and these two texts, you can refer to.
understand some of the philosophy and some of the themes and thematics we have discussed on Iqbal.
So, thanks for listening and thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends.
In this lecture, we are going to discuss political thought and philosophy of .
one of the key figures in modern Indian political thinkers who helped in shaping the so-called Muslim renaissance in modern India or Indian subcontinent.
And along with Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, he was one of the leading figure or political thinkers behind the Muslim renaissance in the Indian subcontinent.
So, from Muhammad Iqbal, we are going to discuss his views on community.
religion, and nation.
In this lecture, today we will focus on Muhammad Iqbal and his personal political life influences on Muhammad Iqbal and his philosophy or his conception of self, the Khudi and also his views on religious reconstruction of religious thought in Islam.
And in the next lecture, we will discuss his views on religion, community, nation etc.
And then we will conclude.
So, Muhammad Iqbal is a very profound modern thinker who tried to reconcile a kind of contradictory forces, historical forces in a sense of nationalism.
which is limited to the territorial or geographical boundary and the universalism, the idea of universal brotherhood or universal fraternity together.
So, in Iqbal, there is a kind of reconciliation between these often seemingly contradictory historical forces of territorial nationalism on the one hand and the universal appeal of Islam on the other.
And throughout his thought in his politics or philosophy or poetry, religion or the Islamic of thinking or theorizing or laws remain the basis of all his activities including his political life, his political involvement, his views on nationalism or Islamic universalism and also, his views on self and the community.
So, to begin with, I hope many of you have come across this famous couplet of Iqbal.
Here, he says that Khudi ko kar buland itna ki har takdeer se pehle Khuda bandhe se khud puche bata teri raja kya hai.
This thought roughly translates as elevate yourself to such heights that before destiny intervenes God himself may ask his slave tell what do you do well.
So this emphasizes his focus or his understanding of self as the basis.
of all political or religious development or progress in society or in a country or humanity at large.
So, for Iqbal, self remained the founding, the basis for all his philosophical religious thought and he believed in a self which is constantly trying to act upon its belief or values.
So, the determination of self and the projection of self in Iqbal, therefore, remains very crucial to understand his philosophy of religious thought or nation or universal brotherhood.
So, for Iqbal, the self or the Khudi was very central in all his political thinking or theorization.
So, this nation.
It is also interesting when Iqbal is appealing to a kind of universal Islam, universal brotherhood at the same time, he is also categorized as the spirit behind the separate state for Muslims in Indian subcontinent or Pakistan.
And he is also treated by Iran and considered as the spirit behind this separate nationhood.
So, while on the one hand, as we have discussed just before, he was focusing on self and considering or to project Islam as a kind of universal appeal cutting across the boundaries of race, nationality, language etc.
or geographical boundaries.
At the same time, he is also deeply patriotic.
So, some of his poems in early period like Tarana-e-Hind.
or Naya Siwala is about patriotic feeling or towards nationalism and the role of nationalism in human progress or human self-realization.
So, he seems to often engage with this patriotic feeling about nation on the one hand and the actual realization of nation and how it is a kind of continuum for the further development.
further integration of nation into a universal brotherhood, universal solidarity which we will discuss in the next lecture.
But this couplet again, nations are born in the hearts of poet, they prosper and die in the hands of politicians.
So, Iqbal here seems to offer a kind of critique or a kind of skeptical attitude towards this nation where on the one hand, it emerges in the hearts of the poets, but it may prosper or die depending upon the politicians who is responsible.
for its prosperity or its decline.
So, nation in Iqbal's thoughts remain a kind of puzzle and this fundamental tension between national boundaries on the one hand and universal appeal or universal Islam on the other hand or pan-Islamic ideals on the other hand, remains the basic fundamental tension in Iqbal's political philosophy.
So, through Iqbal, what we find is that Muslim renaissance in Indian subcontinent, the Indian is by and large, inspired by these two figures and their works Sir Syed Ahmed Khan or Muhammad Iqbal.
Where Sir Syed Ahmed Khan was a leading figure to begin modern education among the Muslims, Iqbal's poetic vision and political insights laid the foundation for Indian Muslims, a political ideology which became the basis for the formation of separate state of Pakistan.
When Iqbal tried to reconcile in all his philosophy, Islamic universalism with modern territorial nationalism.
And therefore, he is regarded as the founding spirit by the Shia dominated Iran and Sunni dominated Pakistan.
And so, that is a kind of appeal Iqbal has beyond the territorial limits of a nation.
And he certainly, shaped the renaissance among the Muslims in India, where he went beyond the modern education and re-established.
the use and relevance of Islamic laws for modern Muslims.
He was also the most patriotic, Indian patriotic leader and initial carrier of his political life, he was in support of Hindu-Muslim unity for freedom from British.
So, he was also a patriotic leader and he is celebrated as the Pakistanís national poet.
His poetry had an immense influence on the consciousness of Pakistani intelligentsia.
It ignited the Muslim community, the values of Islam and brought them into the same manner.
So, the uniformities that is a gift of Islamic religion to the Muslims population where he when theorizing about the nationalism and nationhood for the Muslims in India, he gave this interpretation that because of their religion, Muslims are in this various heterogeneous communities or region, they have some kind of uniformity or similarity which is a kind of gift of religion.
And therefore, they constitute one people whereas, for Hindu, they have to reform a lot of social structure or social hierarchy to emerge as a single nation or as a single people.
Through religion, he wanted to project Muslims as a given nation or a people and therefore, his philosophy or his interpretation becomes the basis for the demand for separate statehood of Muslims in the form of Pakistan in later years.
And there again, among the Pakistani intelligentsia also, with the celebration of Iqbal as a leader of Pakistan.
as a national poet of Pakistan also has some irony or contradictions where the other side of Iqbal that is the universal solidarity or universal spirit or brotherhood of Islam is somewhat reduced to a territorially defined nationhood of Pakistan which seems appears to be a kind of contradictions.
So like Tagore, there is this transcendence.
self or individual or community and also, the state.
So, the philosophical basis of Iqbal's thought remains the Islamic laws and Islamic tradition.
And he celebrated for his passionate poetry on love, beauty and different layers of selfhood.
But the other aspects of his life is often neglected mainly, because of this false assumption that he certainly, had some ideas on philosophy, but they were not consistent enough or they were more visionary, more.
idealistic or visionary kind of thing, very less practical application.
So, there is this categorization of Iqbal as a poet or as a passionate poet, but not in the similar way, his philosophy or his pan-Islamic ideals are taken as seriously enough.
So, his patriotic songs emphasizes on self, self which is in constant or ceaseless movement, self within a community.
and at the service of superior self.
This is something which characterizes the philosophy and politics of Muhammad Iqbal which we will discuss in this lecture.
Iqbal historically, was the product of that crucial period which experiences a greater concern for the national self-consciousness.
So, and therefore, the nation, nationalism becomes a kind of necessity for Iqbal to theorize about modern religious thought in Islam.
and how to reconcile the universal brotherhood or the message of universal brotherhood in Islam on the one hand and the necessity of formation of a territorial, territorially limited nation on the other.
When Iqbal was articulating about the social and the political situations and challenges that India and the world was facing, he had to respond and articulate and was deeply influenced by the growing national self-consciousness among the Indian intelligentsia.
This was symbolized by the dualist tendency of a patriotic anti-colonialism and urge for social equality on the one hand, and conservatism and prevalence of a religious world view on the other hand.
So, this tendency to formulate a national or develop a national self-consciousness was marred or compromised somewhat on this or was struggling this duality between the two patriotic, anti-colonial, anti-colonialism on the one hand which also focuses on social equality or restructuring of the social hierarchy.
On the other hand, simultaneously, there is the growth of conservatism or the prevalence of a religious world view both among the Hindu, Muslims and other religious communities.
So, there is this simultaneous existence of nationalist feeling or anti-colonial feelings on the one hand.
and preservation of the religious world view or the conservatism on the other.
Iqbal was trying to reconcile his thought and philosophy in such a value.
And Iqbal belongs to the formative stage of Muslim nationalism in South Asia.
So, the idea of Muslim as a nation, Muslim as a separate nation, Iqbal belongs to the formative stage of such articulation and thinking.
So, this formative stage of Muslim nationalism in South Asia which was intricately linked to the religious reformation.
which was characteristic of most parts of the colonial world.
His thought is significant in this context in the sense that he not only tried to find in religion, the spiritual expression of anti-colonialism.
For Iqbal, religion is not just the spiritual expression of anti-colonialism, but he regarded religion as the basis of alternative path of development which is very distinct from the waste and the idea of waste about individual, community, and society.
And this is because of his different multiplicity and plurality in his thought and his response to the different aspects of life starting with the self to community, to love, to beauty, to patriotism, to nationalism, to pan-Islamism.
The range of his thought and response is so varied that it is very difficult to reduce him, to limit him to any one of these concerns and ideals.
And therefore, one of the thinkers or scholar, Herman Heiss.
divides his work on basically, three domains which is the world of India, then the of Islam and the western thought.
So, basically, his philosophy revolves around these three domains.
So, in the beginning of his political career or as a thinker, he was very patriotic and he sang the song of India like Saare Jahan Se Acha Vaheves and Tarana Hai Hind or Naya Vaheves.
Then, he also theorized about Islam and how Islam can be the basis of Muslim nationhood and also, pan-Islamic thinking.
And he finally, was also, deeply engaged with the modern thought or philosophy in West and he was responding to their inadequate in his opinion, understanding of politics which is a secular domain or the individual which is devoid of his spiritual or religious teachings and tradition.
He responded to such Western thought about individual, self, community and nationhood or state.
So, in Iqbal, we find this constant search for meaning or divinity in individual life which should be reflected in the nation or society.
in the world also.
So, against the dehumanizing consequences of materialism and totalitarianism of the modern West, Iqbal celebrated the individual's spirit and his or her capacity for self-determination.
So, the first couplet Khudi Kukar Buland Itna.
So, that kind of thinking remains a kind of very powerful invocation from Iqbal towards the challenges of modern Western thinking.
Now, if you look at his early life and education, we find Iqbal was born at Sialkot.
which is present in Pakistan, Punjab in 1877 to a family of Kashmiri origin.
And his ancestors converted from Hinduism to Islam in the 17th century and this offered or enabled him to be influenced by both the belief system Hinduism and the Islam.
And he was situated in this confluence of Islamic and Hindu tradition and he received a combination of Islamic and western education.
And he was influenced by his father who was well-wish in Islamic theology and mysticism.
And he also had modern education in Scotch Mission College, the Murray College and the Oriental College in Lahore.
And there, he also worked as a lecturer in philosophy in the government college at Lahore, where he met T. W. Arnold and he was a great British Orientalist who inspired him.
to visit Europe for further education or higher education.
So, following his advice, he went to Europe in 1905 and studied in Lincolnís Inn from where he completed his bar at law.
And he also, studied in Trinity College, Cambridge where he was engaged in reading western philosophy.
So, some of the thinking in Iqbal about self, community or nationhood and how the understanding of self in Islam is very different from the modern conception of Islam is very powerful.
and comes from his reading with many modern western philosophy and thinkers.
And for his Ph.D, he went to Heidelberg in Munich, Germany and he published his doctoral thesis which is entitled as Development of Metaphysics in Prussia.
So, he stayed in Europe for three years from 1905 to 1908 and this had a great impact on his philosophy and thought.
His introduction to western philosophy offered him a kind of comparative outlook to the life and value systems of East and the West and this led him to engage.
with the reformation in Islam in later period.
So, in 1930s, he wrote a book called Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam.
This book is a mature work of Iqbal which is the result of his understanding of Hindu and Islamic tradition on the one hand and Islamic tradition and the western philosophy on the other and that lead to the culmination of his thought and reformation which he desired to be.
promoted in modern Islam.
So, after returning from Europe, he in 1908, he started teaching again in the government college and in this period, he worked closely with the Muslim nationalist like Abdul Kalam Azad and Muhammad Ali and urged the Muslim population to join political struggle for independence.
So, unlike Sir Syed Ahmed Khan who wanted to focus on education and do not necessarily fight or confront the British, Muhammad Iqbal was supporting.
many Muslim nationalists like Muhammad Ali or Abdul Kalam Azad and wanted Muslims to join this all India struggle for independence.
And this is a result of his political involvement that he left the government job and started the practice of law for modest living and simultaneously, continued to write poetry for which he was already became renowned by then.
Now, to look at the political life of Iqbal, we find he had an active political life after his return from Europe and he was well received by the Punjabi elites and got a cordial relation with Mia Muhammad Safi and he was made one of the joint secretaries of Punjab Muslim League, the regional branch of Muslim League in India.
And from then on, we also see a kind of growing communalization or communal separatism.
among the two dominant religious community in Indian subcontinent Hindu and the Muslims.
And many Muslim intelligentsia leader and thinkers began to conceptualize or articulate this separate state, separate nationhood or separate status of Muslims who wanted to have a kind of their autonomous religiously guided.
state and polity in contrast to the politics of Indian National Congress which was trying to promote a kind of more secular politics.
So, and this was the period when Iqbal also shifted from a kind of patriotic Indian to a pro-Muslim or a kind of separate identity for the Muslims on the basis of their religion.
So, after his joining of Muslim League and his involvement with that, he became a critic of Indian National Congress on the grounds of it being Hindu dominated organization and also, the secular outlook towards politics and state by the Indian National Congress which Iqbal found very problematic for the Muslims who wanted to have their state and polity guided by the religious beliefs and the laws of Sharia and Islam.
So, he was engaged with the National Liberal League of Lahore from 1924 and got elected to the Punjab Legislative Council in 1926.
His major agendas besides national liberation or separate statehood for the Muslim included the matters of land revenue and taxation, compulsory education.
He also, promoted provincial autonomy for the Islamic India.
So, this idea of Muslim nationhood or separation of Muslims from the Hindu dominated politics and state culminated during this time.
And he also, supported the separate elections for Hindu and Muslims.
He was also, elected as the president of Muslim League in 1930s.
In his presidential address at Allahabad, he spoke on the vision of Pakistan and he also, attended the round table conference of 1931 and I think, 32 where he strongly advocated for the future of Pakistan.
So, now, we have seen how there are shifts in Iqbal from a patriotic Indian nationalist in a sense of.
focusing or supporting Hindu-Muslim unity to a gradual shift or tilt in his thought towards the creation of separate nationhood of Muslims in India in the form of Pakistan.
Now, if we look at the major influences on Iqbal, we find that in the early period of his life, Iqbal was greatly influenced by the activities of Sir Sayyed Ahmad Khan.
and his educational institution which is called Anjuman-e-Himayat-e-Islam.
Iqbal was deeply influenced by his opinion on Hindu-Muslim unity and the idea of national self-help.
But he could not agree with his pro-British attitude and also maintained a distance from the idea of isolating the Muslims from the all-Indian movement.
So, Iqbal was in support of Muslims involvement in the nationalist movement which was unfolding in the Indian subcontinent.
which is in contrast with Sir Sayyed Ahmad Khan's focus on the education and progress through education and his pro-British attitude.
Iqbal thought it may lead to the isolation of Muslims from the larger political happenings in the subcontinent and therefore, he wanted Muslims to participate in the all India movement.
In this period, we find he was a passionate supporter of national unity and the independence of India from the British rule and he regarded political apathy and lack of unity.
as the primary reason for the sufferings of Indians.
In his poems, Kofta Gaon A Khag, Say It Safar, A Land Asleep and Tasveer A Dharan, Portrait of Anguish, one can notice his urge for awakening people for the pursuit of national liberation.
So, for Iqbal, the national liberation, national freedom or the freedom from foreign rule was the necessary or perhaps pre-condition for the reconstruction or regeneration of a community whether religious or otherwise.
Of course, for Iqbal, he wanted to create a modern polity and state for Muslims on the basis of Islamic laws.
But that law, he wanted to have a kind of liberal interpretation which can suit the needs and requirements of the modern Muslims rather than the stagnant or quietism or resignation of the Muslims practices over few centuries after their glorious development in philosophy, arts and politics in medieval times.
So, after this.
involvement with the nationalist politics and his demand for Muslim joining the national movement, Iqbal was never really convinced or persuaded by the attainment of national liberation.
For him, the ultimate objective was to have a kind of universal brotherhood in Islam and which he did not want to confine in any national boundaries and this remained a kind of unresolved.
tension in his thought.
So, Iqbal wrote continuously for eradication of hostility among Hindus and Muslims in this period.
He was for the all India nationalism and did not call for the isolation of Muslims which developed in 1930s in his mature works.
So, he was also influenced by Sufism before he went to Europe and the Sufi idea of role of heart and intuition in the cognition process and the relation of man and God had an impact on his thought which he continues to believe in and on that basis, he responded to the conceptualization of men or individual in modern western philosophy.
So, after going to Europe, therefore, the displacement of heart by mind in the West was confronted by Iqbal.
He regarded thought and intuition as equally necessary in the cognition of men and not just merely the focus on rational thinking.
The role of intuitions in men's conceptualization of self, his surroundings and his contribution in his surroundings to make it better, to transform it for the better is something which he learns from Sufism of course, which he criticized which we will discuss in the next class.
So, a western philosopher like Kant.
Hegel and Nietzsche had a substantial impact on Iqbal and his reconstruction of Islam was largely influenced by the Hegelian dialectics of men in constant motion, men, society and nation in constant motion which enables the making and forming of its identity.
And from Nietzsche, Iqbal took the concept of ego and superman and used it in his politics and philosophy of Islam and its modern liberal interpretation.
So, although the influence of western philosophy is evident in his thought, the major source of influence on Iqbal was the Islamic tradition.
And he had a great knowledge of Persian classics and after a period of his writings in Urdu, he adopted Persian as his writings because of his appeal and he wanted to create a pan-Islamic community where Persian is the language and therefore, he began to write in Persian.
And he was a great scholar or had a great knowledge of Persian classics.
and was deeply influenced by Jalaluddin Rumi, the prominent Urdu mystic poet who wrote profoundly on the idea of self.
So, the conception of self that Iqbal had is deeply influenced by the Islamic tradition and particularly, so by the poems or the thought of Jalaluddin Rumi.
Iqbal was influenced by the pan-Islamism of Jammat-ud-Din Afghani.
In the later period of his life, Iqbal appropriated the idea of Pan-Islamism to establish the identity of Muslims as a super class and supra national unity and this is the further development in Iqbal.
So, we can find a journey in Iqbal from a patriotic nationalist thinker to a separatist of Muslim nationhood and from a supporter of Muslim nationhood in a kind of territorial limitation.
to a pan-Islamic thinker who believes in the universal appeal of Islam.
So, besides his belief in Islam and pan-Islamism, Iqbal also admired the Russian revolution of 1917 and he wrote in his poems that it opened the new era for the workers and for him, it symbolizes the inevitable destruction of old systems in the hands of new.
But he did not think that the path of revolution.
as seen in Russia will not work in colonial India.
It is because for him, no new world can come without the change in the human nature.
And therefore, he wanted to focus similar to Gandhian ideal of Swaraj in a sense, where the self and transformation of the self is the basis for the social transformation, the political transformation and the economic transformation.
So, now, if we look at his concept of the self.
which is beautifully elaborated in two of his texts which is called Asrar-e-Khudi or Rumuz-e-Bekhudi.
So, Asrar-e-Khudi is translated as the secret of the self and Rumuz-e-Khudi is the mysteries of the selflessness.
So, Iqbal while conceptualizing the self and selflessness is a kind of inversion of Nietzschean idea of superman or ego.
or the use of Hegelian dialectics enables him to describe self as the manifestation of divinity.
And self, itself acquires or realizes its true potentiality by immersion of its ego in the larger self or in the divinity.
So, there is a kind of dialectics between the self which is the extreme.
and the super self or divinity which is like the ocean.
So, the relationship between the two is very beautifully explained in his text on Asrar-e-Khudi or Rumuz-e-Bekhudi.
So, for Iqbal, man is a free responsible being.
He is the maker of his own destiny and his salvation lies in his own business.
So, man has to attain, constantly act to realize himself or herself.
And there, he somehow projected men as a kind of self-defining subject in a sense of confronting the divinity or the fate by his or her own activity.
So, this freedom is viewed in the idea of Ijtihad which offers the scope for independent or liberal judgments in the matters of Islamic law.
So, unlike many conservative or ulemas forces who considered their prerogative to interpret Islamic laws.
Iqbal re-establishes this Ijtihad, the tradition of Ijtihad that allows the individual to form their own judgment, their independent judgment about Islamic laws and that can be the basis for the self-realization, self-regeneration according to Iqbal.
So, in his understanding, the self is a dynamic force and therefore, he rejected the dominant notion of quietism in colonized Muslims.
that submission to the fate and resignation from acting upon and empowering the condition of the material or the moral or the spiritual existence.
Iqbal was very critical of such quietism or resignation.
Largely, he considered Sufism responsible for such quietism and resignation among the Muslims and he considered the self which is a very dynamic force and it must constantly act to improve the condition of the society.
their community and the nation.
So, therefore, he did not consider the individuals as mere receptor of the destiny, but actors on their own behalf.
So, unlike many religious teachers and preachers who invoke the influence of fate and destiny on the lives of nation or community or individual, Iqbal is trying to subvert such logic to re-establish this and this derives from his engagement with modern western philosophy that man is capable of shaping his or her own destiny.
So, men should constantly act upon his beliefs to shape his destiny without resigning to the condition of fate.
And therefore, he challenges such conservative or quietism in Islam which generated after a kind of many centuries of stagnation and he wanted a kind of dynamic reassertion of subjecthood or self to create a dynamic society and not merely.
act is as important as thinking or believing in something.
So, Iqbal was supporting a conception of self which constantly tries to fight their will.
So, similar to Gandhian idols, Satyagrahi is not someone who simply know what is injustice, but someone who refused to accept any unjust laws and practice and prepare himself for justice.
the punishment or sacrifice himself for the cause of justice.
Similar to Iqbal, the self should be constantly fighting with the evils and trying to bring about justice, bring about transformation in the self and in the community.
So, for Iqbal, the remedy to all evils like greed, injustice lies in the realizing the real qualities and cultivating the innate greatness.
This innate greatness is again, the realization of divinity in the self and belief in the self-activity or self-help which can shape the destiny and not merely, resignation to the fate or divinity.
So, for Iqbal, the remedy for all the evils like greed and injustice lies in realizing the qualities and cultivating the innate greatness of the self.
This is possible through the understanding of the relationship of man and God.
So, for Iqbal, man and God has a kind of relationship.
where man himself manifests the divinity and divinity manifests itself through man.
So, that kind of dialectic is there in Iqbal's thought also.
So, he believed that there is no mediator between God and man and God is the birthright of every man and there is a kind of new interpretation of religious thinking where for a very long time, it is considered in many religious traditions that there are only selected few who can access to God.
or who are capable of accessing and comprehending the god and then through them, they can transmit the message or the ideas of god to the larger population.
Iqbal tries to subvert such logic and give new interpretation where everyone is accessible to comprehend or to understand the message of god and realize the god within his or her own person or selfhood.
So, he considered that the human beings have the right to be to happiness and he is free to save his life and also, to love God in one's individual way, not by some mediatory forces or intermediary forces between man and the God.
So, Iqbal believes that destruction of self is not demanded by the God.
He wants the fullest development of individual self and hence, he focuses on the role of desire in individual progress.
Now, this is something very radical in a sense, where in many religious doctrine or certainly, Sufism the poverty.
is something which is celebrated and which is considered necessary for the understanding the message of God or truth.
And in that process, the self-destruction is perfectly permissible and even celebrated.
Iqbal again tried to reinterpret it where destruction of self is not just undesirable, but desire is the very basis for human or individual progress.
So, but then this desire is in the connection with the community.
And again, here one can think of Iqbal's idea of self is not a kind of atomistic self in the modern as it is interpreted in modern or western philosophy.
For Iqbal, this self which is reflection of divinity realizes its true meaning in the community which he considered millat and that we will discuss in our next lecture.
And by realizing divinity, individual realizes itself and vice versa.
So, this necessitates his identification with the community which is based on righteousness or the Islam or religious things.
And therefore, Iqbal was not prepared to accept the secular politics or secular principle of politics which he considered as the major reason for moral and the ethical decline of the European society and he wanted Muslims to erect.
their political institutions or democracy according to the laws of Sharia or Islamic law.
So, he regarded Islam as such a community because it is in accordance with the will of God and law which is the basis of righteousness.
This ideal community of Islam is beyond the limits of time and space and thus, demands not to be fragmented into nations and that is the transcendent in Islamic nationhood, from Islamic nationhood to a kind of pan-Islamic.
identity in Iqbal's thought.
So, the Islamic community or millat is also characterized by a degree of unity and homogeneity and this homogeneity transcends the limits of race, class, reason etc.
So, according to Iqbal, the laws of Islam does not recognize the apparent natural differences of race nor the historical differences of nationality.
The political ideal of Islam consists in the creation of a a people born of a free fusion of all races and nationalities.
Nationality with Islam is not the highest limit of political development.
For the general principle of the law of Islam rests on human nature, not on the peculiarities of particular people.
The inner cohesion of such a nation would consist not in ethnic or geographical unity, not in unity of language or social tradition, but in the unity of the religious and political ideal.
or in the psychological fact of like-mindedness.
So, the religion and the political ideal of Islam or the religious ideal of Islam is something which is the basis for the fusion among different races, different nationalities, different geographical territory for Iqbal.
And that is why there is a kind of continuum in his thought from a kind of pro-Pakistani culture or political activist to a kind of pan-Islamic thinker with a universal.
Now, to discuss about his views on religious thought in Islam and its reinterpretation which is his mature work and published in 1930s called Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam.
Iqbal stated that Islam was experiencing a stagnation over a few centuries and that stagnation left it behind other philosophical traditions such as modern western philosophy, science and technology.
So, therefore, the need was to re-examination and reconstruction of the philosophy of Islam.
without breaking away from the past.
So, he embedded his philosophy in Islam, but he wanted its liberal reinterpretation and re-examination and this he wanted to achieve through three principles of reason, democracy and modern knowledge.
So, reason is the basis of this reinterpretation or re-examination of Islam and its ideals to suit the circumstances or requirements of the present day Muslims.
Similar is the role of democracy and modern knowledge in such re-interpretation of Islam and he tries to use these tools to make Islamic ideals and laws relevant for the present day Muslims and not something which is relevant for previous centuries or previous generation.
And therefore, he permit the liberal interpretation of Islamic laws and ideals.
So, the reformation in Islam was considered necessary for the moral perfection of men on which ultimately, depends the social economic changes leading to the justice.
So, that is very similar to.
the Gandhian idols of Swaraj.
Influenced by Shah Waliullah, Iqbal insisted on Ijtihad.
Ijtihad which is concerned with the independent judgment or liberal interpretation of Islamic laws.
So, the right of Ijtihad is the basis of overcoming religious dogma.
And these religious dogmas are the basis of stagnation in any religious tradition which Iqbal was referring to.
So, here, he stated that only collective Ijtihad will and not individual judgment.
serve the interest of the society.
So, the Ijtihad, he democratized or radicalized the whole understanding of interpretation of Islamic laws where he allows the individual to interpret such law in a kind of collective spirit to achieve social and economic transformation.
So however, this idea of Ijtihad remained a contested idea since the religious scholars or ulema.
Consider the interpretation of laws as their prerogative.
So, in many religious tradition as I have said, there is the idea of selected few who can access and are capable of comprehending the message of God and then through them, it can be transmitted to the masses.
But here, Iqbal was subverting such logic and opening up the laws and the ideals directly to the individuals in their collective self.
So, Iqbal regarded the entity of man.
nature and society in constant motion development and in the process of formation.
So, this he also acquired from his engagement with the western philosophy, the idea of speed or the man in constant motion to acquire or to realize its own self.
So, he considered the man, nature and society is something which is in the constant motion of development and in the process of formation.
So, following the dialectic mode of nature, he reflected on the dialectic movement of society as well.
And criticizing the mystical quietism, he stressed on the significance of action and not merely, resignation or submission to the will of God.
So, he did not support the submission to the given but emphasized on the active struggle against the evils of society.
So significant was action for Iqbal was that while explaining true existence, he argued I act therefore, I am.
For Iqbal.
In the realization of the self and in transformation of the society, it is necessity or inevitable for individual to act upon its belief and not merely think about himself or the society.
And therefore, this ceaseless motion, ceaseless activity to transform oneself, to transform the society and the polity was something Iqbal emphasized upon and supported.
So, Iqbal stressed on the man's submission to God.
But also, in a sense of considering the self.
as the reflection of divinity and then not necessarily attaching it with the meaning of divinity or some kind of interference of the god in shaping the destiny of the man.
This realization of divinity in the self which is the part of the broader community which enables the self to realize its own divinity or understand the objective of the self.
in the larger community, Iqbal believes in the presence of God or the presence of divinity.
But that does not deter him to understand the individual as an isolated atomistic self, but in connection with the other self in the community.
So, this man's submission to God did not imply fanaticism and being helpless before God.
What he meant was the renunciation of egoistic desires and inclinations and following the ethical principles of Islam.
which is about brotherhood, universal brotherhood and coming out of ones on selfish interest in the larger interest of the community.
So, for him, this man's submission to the god is coming out of ones on egoistic self to reconcile or to reconnect the self with the divine, with the god.
So, this submission of man to god is following the ethical principle of Islam and not really a kind of resignation and seizing from the action.
So, while accepting that the world is created by god.
Iqbal also maintained that the change in it depends on the labour and activity of man.
So, in Iqbal's thought and philosophy, the man, someone who is conscious or reflective being which distinguishes it from the other species who can realize or understand the injustices that should not lead to some kind of resignation or submission to the fate.
But the self must act upon its belief to transform the self and also, to the society and the polity.
So, that becomes the very basis for Iqbal's thought and philosophy.
So, on this lecture on Iqbal, his personal political life influences on Iqbal thinking and especially, his notion of self and his idea about religious thought in Islam and its reconstruction.
You can look at some of these sources like sources of Indian tradition, there is a chapter on Iqbal and also Iqbal Poet Philosopher of Pakistan edited by Hafiz Malik, Columbia University Press 1971.
Some of the chapters discusses different strengths of thought in Iqbal and also, his political journey in different phases.
and also, the 50 Key Figures in Islam and then Incarnation, India and 50 Lives by Sunil Khilnani and also, the other book called The Political Philosophy of Muhammad Iqbal by Iqbal Singh Sevier.
So, these are some of the works which you can refer to for this lecture.
In the next lecture, we are going to discuss his views on calm, millat, pan-Islamism and the connection between religion and nation.
So, thanks for listening.
Thank you for your patience.
Let us know what you think and what is your feedback on this lecture.
will be happy to respond.
Hello and welcome friends.
to this lecture on Mahatma Gandhi and this is second lecture on his third.
And today, we are going to discuss his views on Swaraj, his critique of modern civilization and also, his views on passive resistance.
So, these three themes, we will discuss through his seminal work Hind Swaraj.
And Hind Swaraj is the text which he wrote in 1909 and most of his philosophy.
or political philosophy and also, the method for attaining political independence, his notion on Swaraj, his views on violence or non-violence is most articulated philosophically in this seminal text of Mahatma Gandhi which remains a very popular text even in contemporary times.
So, we will discuss his Hind Swaraj.
We will situate it in the larger intellectual context in to whom he was responding to and how he articulated his thought on Swaraj, his critique on modern civilization and also his views on passive resistance.
And in the next lecture that we are going to do on Mahatma Gandhi, we will discuss his views on India or India of his dreams.
And then, we will conclude his thought by looking at.
some of the responses that his views and articulation received from many of his contemporaries including Ambedkar Tagore and many others.
So, to begin with this text, Hindu Swaraj or what is called Indian Home Rule, we can begin this lecture by quoting this sentence from Mahatma Gandhi.
Here, he writes that this text which he was writing.
It is not merely a political text or a political book, but it has used the language of politics, but it tried to offer a glimpse of Dharma, the moral and the ethical basis of politics which Gandhi emphasized.
And we have seen in the previous lecture, the search after truth and searching through non-violence means remain his lifelong objective.
And therefore, in this treatise, he adopted the language of politics, but that adoption is to offer a glimpse of Dharma, interpret Dharma in the modern context.
So, what is the meaning of Hind Swaraj?
It means rule of Dharma or what he calls Ram Raji.
We may read the Gita, the Ramayana or Hind Swaraj, but what we have to learn from them is desire for the welfare of others.
So, the duty, the focus on the sacrifice or service towards other was deeply, embedded in his philosophy of politics.
or Swaraj or what he characterized as Ramaraja.
So, Hindu Swaraj in a way while responding to many of the contemporary challenges and discourse was trying to establish the novelty or the originality of his idea of Swaraj.
And there was lots of confusion about home rule, Swaraj, dominion status in the political discourse in India historically and there he was trying to assert.
or establish his views of Swaraj which is very different from many other thinkers certainly, like Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Annie Besant or many others who were also fighting for home rule or Swaraj.
So, when Gandhi was articulating his thought, the Swaraj was a kind of cliché, a kind of often referred to terms in public political discourse.
But of course, it has so many different kinds of interpretation that there was lots of, confusion about what is it to attain Swaraj and Gandhi was trying to respond to such public political discourse and establish his meaning of Swaraj.
So, this text is his seminal work which is originally, written in Gujarati in 1909 and published in two installments in Gujarati section of a magazine called Indian Opinion which he edited and he wrote it in the span of 10 days while he was travelling.
on board Kildonan Castle while returning from England to South Africa.
So, this text which he wrote within a span of 10 days was proved and still, it is regarded as one of the best political philosophical treatises produced by any of the modern Indian thinkers, in which he also, express or exemplify the first wave of anti-colonial thinking or responding or providing a thorough non-Western critique to the modern civilization or the modern vocabulary of politics, society and also, the conception of state.
So, this text of Gandhi remains a very powerful text in so many ways despite of its immediate concern to respond to the confusions around this term Swaraj and how to achieve Swaraj.
He was also stating.
a profoundly philosophical basis of the critique of modern western civilization.
So, this text which he wrote in Gujarati, he himself translated into English and no other work of his, not even his autobiography which is My Experiment with Truth received so much attention as this text has received.
Very recently, Anthony J. Perrel has edited Hind Swaraj.
Very recently, again, Tridip Surud has translated his original Gujarati into English.
So, there are multiple interpretations, editions, re-editions of these works which received so much of scholarly attention much after its historical.
historical context.
So, in this text, Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule, he provides a critique of colonialism and western civilization and it also, deals with his theory and practice of non-violence.
So, in this text, besides responding or clarifying the confusion around this term Swaraj, he was also, providing a critique, theoretical critique to the modern western civilization and also, he compared the violence or the non-violence method.
of political action or method for political independence in India.
So, he discussed these theory and practice of non-violence in much detail in the later part of this text.
This text is written in a literary genre of dialogue where there is a dialogue between an editor which is Gandhi himself and a reader.
Here the reader is representing the Indian school of violence, those who champion or support violence as a legitimate tool or method for attaining political independence.
And for many of them, They may or may not like violence, but they justified the violence if it is done for the greater cause or for the objective of political independence.
So, for them, the end justifies the means.
So, a reader here, represents such vice which justifies violence or any means which help in attainment of swaraj or political independence.
And of course, the editor is presenting his own idea which is Gandhi himself responding to so many of misconceptions or confusion around the use of violence method or the consequences of violence method on India at large.
In this text, there is also a dialogue.
between Indian civilization and modern western civilization, between civilization and its reverse between.
So, there is a struggle in this text about the translation of civilization in Indian language.
So, Gandhi himself used the word Sudharo for civilization and opposite of civilization, he calls Kudharo.
So, there is a constant dialogue, intellectual, theoretical dialogue between Indian civilization or the basis of Indian civilization or the or the instrumental nature of modern state or modern western civilization which dehumanize individual, which suppress the autonomy of individual and focus only on rights without equal emphasis on the duties.
So, in this text, one can find the dialogue between Indian and western civilization, also civilization and its rivers between those who see ends as justification.
of means and those who see means and ends as inviolably related.
So, for Gandhi, as we have discussed in previous lecture, the means and ends is interconnected and purity of both is necessary for creating a society which will enable the individual to attain his or her utmost freedom.
So, for that realization, so in this text which is around 90 pages, he powerfully, he engages with many of the concerns of modern political or philosophical issues.
And it is in Hind Swaraj that we find Gandhiji first, announced his own life mission that is to attain Swaraj and to attain Swaraj through non-violence means and how a Satyagrahi is a very different kind of volunteer or agent.
to bring about that Swaraj than say, extremist on the one hand or moderates on the other hand.
So, moderates believing in the constitutional method or petition were almost ineffective.
On the other hand, extremist using or asserting to violence was not as acceptable or not as effective as they claimed.
So, in this text, Gandhi established his lifelong mission for attainment of Swaraj, what does it mean to attain the Swaraj and how one can achieve Swaraj through satyagraha or non-violence.
And he returned to this text time and again throughout his career.
He wanted to clarify the meaning of Swaraj through this text.
This is the concept that provides the theoretical framework of the book and this is done by introducing a distinction between Swaraj as self-government or the quest for home rule.
or the good states.
So, that is one concept or the political conception of Swaraj and the Swaraj as self-rule which is one on self, the quest for self-improvement or the ability to rule oneself without any external forces.
This point is very crucial to understand Gandhiís views on Swaraj because he was writing this text in 1909 and at that point of time, there was a kind of contestation going on within the Indian National Congress between moderates or the extremists on the one hand.
There was also a So, they see movement which enabled to think about or within the horizon of possibility to imagine about Swaraj.
So, and Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Swaraj is my birthright and I shall have it.
Similarly, Annie Besant and many others were thinking, theorizing, expressing their opinion on this notion of Swaraj.
So, Gandhi was responding to such discourse and debate on Swaraj.
So, through this text, he was also asserting his perception or his understanding of Swaraj which means basically.
a kind of distinction between Swaraj merely as a self-government through representation, through consent or what it was called also as a home rule or a kind of good state or Swaraj as a self-rule which leads to self-improvement, ability to govern oneself.
So, Gandhiji, emphasized on the other part of Swaraj as well besides political independence.
In this book, he also expressed his ideas.
on many concepts like modern civilization, passive resistance, education, machinery, condition of India including railways, doctors and lawyers etc.
So, this book besides, engaging with the concept of Swaraj also, deals with many other concepts like modern civilization, passive resistance, education etc.
Now, this book is addressed or try to address a mixed audience and this audience is constitutive of the expatriate Indians greatly attracted to terrorism and political violence.
So, Gandhiji because of his visit to England or in many other parts like other movements in US or in some other nation where expatriate Indians believed in the method of political violence for the attainment of Swaraj.
Gandhiji was responding to this section of Indians as well.
Then, he was also responding to the extremists and the moderates of the Indian National Congress.
As I was saying, the extremists for them, the use of violence or political violence or direct action and the moderates, constitutional or the legal method was almost ineffective.
Gandhiji was responding to these two groups of Indian National Congress also besides the Indian nation.
and the English.
Now, for Indian nation, Gandhi means ordinary Indians irrespective of their religious, linguistic, regional or caste differences as well as the new emerging middle class referred to in the text as doctors, lawyers and the wealthy.
So, Gandhiji was meticulous or very clear in terms of differentiating between one section of Indians which he called emerging middle class, English educated middle class largely, participating in Indian National Congress and they themselves were actually, votary of modern civilization.
So, Gandhiji had problem with this section of society which wanted to make India modern without any Englishman.
So, that is a kind of very precise response to different sections of audience of this book.
And the English for him means both the English British ruling class living in India and the Britishers living in Great Britain.
Here, it is also perhaps important to note that the British in India and British opinion in England.
was not often same and Gandhiji through use of media or the global media was actually able to present the view or concerns of India to the British opinion and sometimes, garnered the support of British opinion for his political cause.
So, this book tries to address a kind of mixed audience of different sections, different groups or different nationalities also.
He believed that through Hind Swaraj, he would be able to give Indians a practical philosophy.
The practical philosophy of non-violence or Satyagraha and updated conception of Dharma that would fit them for the life in the modern world.
So, the challenges of modern world, how India by resorting to its own civilizational heritage or civilizational ethos can reinterpret Dharma and fit in a way which respond or solve many of the challenges of the modern world.
And he thought of Hind Swaraj as a text which can give the practical philosophy for such reinterpretation of Dharma.
Now, to discuss his critique of modern civilization.
he considered the colonialism as the result of modern civilization.
And without critiquing or without challenging the root, you cannot really challenge the outcome of such civilization.
So for, so this quote if we discuss that it is not the British that are responsible for the misfortunes of India, but we who have succumbed to modern civilization.
So, for him, Swaraj is in our palm and we can have it as and when we assert our independence and realize our capability to govern ourselves and start non-cooperating with the colonial rule.
So, he believes that the misfortunes of India is not because of the British or the colonial rule but because of our submission, because we have succumbed to the captivating effect of modern civilization.
So, he has a very fascinating debate with the reader.
in this text, where he said, we do not want Britain and we hate them, we hate the British.
But we do not hate the British rule or the nature of the British administration.
So, he make an analogy between we want the British system of rule without the Britishers as if we want to have a nature of tiger without a tiger.
So, through such powerful analogy, Gandhi was trying to present or express the bankruptcy or the hollowness of the promises of modern civilization and without challenging the root cause of this problem of colonial rule or Indian misfortunes, which is modern civilization, one cannot realize Swaraj, one cannot attain Swaraj.
So, this modern civilization forms the broad historical context of Hind Swaraj, the text.
Its critique of that civilization is one of the main contribution of modern political and perhaps, the original contribution.
from the non-Western perspective towards the many of the ills or challenges of modern society as a result of modern civilization.
According to Gandhi, modern civilization posed a greater threat to Indians than the colonialism.
And there is a very good analogy between this method of resistance to the oppressor.
In many political social movements, it has been seen that when one opposed the other, one does not really challenge the nature of the other.
So, the more we oppose other, we become more like the other.
Gandhiji was challenging to such political activities and political discourse and in a way, expanding the horizon of politics and interpreting it in his own unique way based on many of the cultural or civilizational heritage of India.
heritage of India.
So, he wanted Indians to develop their own identity, develop their own character based on their own historical or civilizational resources and not really by imitating or blindly imitating the methods and tools of modern western civilization.
And he thought and he expressed it that the ills that modern civilization has done to the country in which it emerged, say England or in Europe.
The consequences were worse, but when it is imitated in a context like India, its capacity to do harm is infinite.
So, one cannot imagine the misery or the misfortune that modern civilization and its practices can unleash to Indians if it is blindly imitated.
So, Gandhiji was very firm, very clear in his intellectual or theoretical response to them.
of modern civilization and its potentiality to do harm or to dehumanize the individual.
He expressed his fear because Indians accepted modern civilization as many Indians were followers or in a way, believers in the promises which for many was more hollow promises of modern civilization as a blessing and colonialism as an evil.
Forgetting that colonialism itself was the product of modern civilization which Gandhi was.
trying to assert.
In Hind Swaraj, Gandhiji very strongly criticized modern civilization which sometimes mislead the reader.
So, what is the alternative to modern civilization and such kind of question.
But however, it is important to note that his attitude towards modern civilization though critical is not wholly negative.
He also, welcomed some of the positive contribution of modern civilization such as civil liberty, equality, rights, prospects for improving the economic condition of life.
liberation of women from tradition and religious toleration.
So, some of the positive contribution of modern civilization, Gandhiji acknowledged.
So, he did not merely have the negative views on modern civilization.
But this acknowledgement is based on certain conditionality and these conditionality is that there has to be a kind of harmony with Swaraj.
So, liberty has to harmonize with Swaraj, rights with duties, empirical knowledge with moral insights, economic development with spiritual progress, religious toleration with religious belief.
So, Gandhiji has a very different politics.
where the use of religion is permissible, in fact, desirable and he wants religious teaching to be done for the development of moral and ethical side of individual character.
But this conception of religion is very different from the secular divide between religion and politics in modern west and also, many such debates in India.
So, he wanted religious toleration with religious belief.
and women's liberation with the demands of a broader conception of humanity.
So, he was trying to accommodate or acknowledge the positive contribution of modern civilization, but at the same time, it has to harmonize with many of the neglected or in a way, secondary or marginalized aspect of modern civilization as well.
In his own definition of civilization, for Gandhiji, civilization is that mode of conduct which points out to the man the path of duty.
And performance of duty and observance of morality are convertible terms.
To observe morality is to attain mastery over our mind, our passion, so doing we know ourselves.
So, the whole purpose of civilization is to enable the man to realize his ethical and moral side and know himself better.
And that will be possible when the man follows the path of duty and not necessarily the discourse on rights.
and care more and more about his rights forgetting the role of duty.
And therefore, Gandhiji criticizes many or almost every aspect of modern civilization such as machinery, big machinery, certainly, profession of doctors and hospitals, lawyers, railways which takes men from his own nature.
So, takes away the man from his immediate physical, moral or ethical embeddedness or the context.
So, although in Gandhiji, we find that he was critical of machinery, but never said that he was against machines or technology per se.
And he used Charaka kind of machine as a tool for salvation.
He argued that he had problem with the craze behind machinery that is shown everywhere in modern life.
Their use must be guided by a well-considered moral theory, indicating how man should live.
Increasing use of machinery and technology led to unemployment in very large measure.
And to quote Mahatma Gandhi, he said that modern men or individual have become slave to the machinery or the technology and forget the… blissful or the broader side of his individual self.
So, he writes, today, machinery merely helps a few to ride on the back of millions.
So, concentration of wealth, concentration of power, concentration of resources which enables the few to ride on the back of millions and that is possible through the use of machinery, through the use of technology.
So, the impetus behind it all is not the philanthropy.
to save labor.
So, the use of technology or machine is also to save the labor.
But Gandhiji denies that intention in use of technology.
But the greed to maximize the profit, to maximize the resources or concentrate the resources is the larger motive behind the use of big machinery.
So, it is against this constitution of things that I am fighting with all my might.
The supreme consideration is man.
For Gandhiji, the autonomy of individual is supreme than anything else and he considers the root.
of all prosperity and progress is the individuality and that has to be nurtured or enabled to attain according to its own will or according to its own perception or belief system.
So, machine should not tend to atrophy the limbs of man.
So, machine in that sense, enables the few to control and ride over the millions and that restricts.
the individual self to realize his or her potential the way he or she will like to.
So, Gandhiji, intended to provide the minimum basic needs to each and everyone.
If the machine can do so, then it is to be accepted.
So, Gandhiji was not totally against the use of machine.
If it helps everyone to achieve its basic needs, then it is acceptable.
Otherwise, it should be regarded as a curse to the society because it leads to empowerment of few over the millions.
He also said, I would rule out all machinery even as I would reject this body which is not help to salvation.
So, the objective, the ideals of individual life to attain salvation, attain salvation or freedom in a sense, which is autonomous, which is self-rule.
So, the physical body for Gandhi is not as important as the salvation of the soul.
or the realization of the self.
So, from that point of view, I would reject all machinery, but machines will remain because like the body, so the aim and objective of life is to attain salvation, but body is necessary, it is inevitable.
Similarly, machines are inevitable.
The body itself as I told you is the purest piece of mechanism, but if it is a hindrance to the highest fight of the soul, it has to be rejected.
So, from bodily comfort, which is emphasized by the modern techniques and tools, Gandhiji was focusing towards the realization of the soul, salvation of the soul as the more desirable objective rather than submitting or becoming slave of the modern machinery.
He argued that a proper civilization placed man at its center.
So, for him, the man, the individual is at the center.
So, for Gandhiji, the proper civilization placed man at the center and measured its greatness.
In terms of its ability to produce men and women possessing such distinctively human powers as self-determination, autonomy, self-knowledge, self-discipline and social cooperation.
So, this is the essential characteristic of human being.
So, for Gandhiji, civilization is something which trained the men and women to realize and develop such characteristics.
However, modern civilization did the opposite by encouraging them to subject their powers to the large organizations, to the big machines or experts.
It rendered men passive and helpless.
So, the big machines, big tools, big industries leads to more concentration and render millions and millions of masses.
to the possession of helpless condition.
So, therefore, Gandhiji was very critical of modern civilization.
Gandhiji is not criticizing either doctors or lawyers though apparently, it appears so.
But Gandhi had a problem with the narrow and limited nature of these professions.
And these professions are the tool of domination and suppression of men against men.
And about lawyers, he said, all I am concerned is to show that the profession teaches immorality.
It is exposed to temptation from which few are saved.
So, it is not about providing justice but more about acquiring more and more wealth and that does not lead to the justice or serve the justice.
And therefore, modern lawyers or the doctors or the hospitals, even the parliament, railways or the aeroplane, Gandhiji was very critical of because it does not help in realization of the self-rule or the autonomy of the individual.
It does not help.
the individual to realize or to focus equally on this on the soul.
And Gandhiji was critical of modern doctors or the practitioners of medicine because of their killing of a number of animals before it can be applied to the human self or human soul.
So, to save one life, it permit the killing of hundreds and thousands of other species lives be it animals and so, Gandhiji was very critical of such medical practices.
as well which does not really help in realization of the soul force or the vitality of the soul in the human personality.
Not just the body or the bodily cure, but the cure of the soul and no medicine, no doctor can really think about curing the soul or the challenges of the soul then and they focus merely on the bodily sickness or bodily injury.
So, Gandhiji said that the profession of lawyers and doctors are corrupting the moral.
and the human influences in modern society.
Gandhi also, regarded violence as an un-Indian, something which is alien to Indian civilization and he makes this opinion very clearly in Hind Swaraj.
Gandhi mentioned that Hind Swaraj was written in order to show that his countrymen were following a suicidal policy of violence.
So, from 1907, there was increasing tendency to use violence as a political tool for liberation and Gandhiji considered it as a kind of suicidal policy and that if they revert to their own glorious civilization.
Either the English would adopt the latter and becomes Indianized or find their occupation in India gone.
So, for Gandhi, the Swaraj and attainment of Swaraj in the palms of hand.
Englishmen are there because we want them to be here.
When we realize and we resort to our own civilizational values or our own self-belief to govern ourselves and stop cooperating with the colonial rule, either they have to Indianize themselves or and they will be welcome or they will go from India on their own volition.
So, there is no need to use violence to realize Swaraj or to attain Swaraj.
So, in Hind Swaraj, Gandhiji also very clearly, establishes the spiritual and the moral superiority of Indian society or civilization and the violent and politically corrupt nature of European states and asserted the superiority of the former.
So, for Gandhiji, Indians if they realize.
the true ethos or the true cultural resources of Indian civilization, then it may not need to learn from others.
But others can learn from India including the British if they want to live and reside in India can learn these ethos, Indianize themselves and then they can be welcomed as many other community can be welcomed in India.
So, while condemning the brute force of the western power, Gandhiji distances himself from the militant nationalist.
for their support of violence which he considered as a suicidal strategy as it would provoke and organize violence by ruling authority.
And this he further used in many of the political movements he launched in India be it non-cooperation, civil disobedience or Quit India movement.
So, this text he wrote in 1909 before he started any of his major political programs in India and provided a kind of transformative.
leadership to the whole struggle of independence and to a great extent, tame the militant or the violent side or aspect of Indian political struggle.
Now, to discuss very briefly, his views on passive resistance which is often regarded as a weapon for the weak or the coward, Gandhiji has a very contrary views about the passive resistance as a method for political or social rules.
For Gandhiji, the passive resistance exemplifies the force of love which is the far more stronger.
force than the force of brute or the physical force.
It is the method of securing rights by personal suffering.
So, sacrificing yourself for the realization of the goal and that form of sacrifice without resorting to violence and doing harm or injury to the opponent or the other is the highest form of resistance for Gandhiji which he articulates through this idea of passive resistance.
Of course, it was a kind of unique experiment in the political movement.
In many anti-colonial struggles, the use of violence was followed by many colonialized subjects and their leaderships.
But Gandhiji experimented with this idea of non-violence and non-violence as an effective tool to realize not just the freedom but also, to create a society which is based on love, which is based on true compassion and which enables the individual creativity or greatness.
in individual and also, in community.
So, he wanted to sacrifice self when the law is unacceptable to one's conscience.
So, the force of soul conscience is something which Gandhiji refers to again and again.
And in that case, he prefers to accept the penalty.
So, the guerrilla method or any other form of political method was unacceptable to Gandhiji because for him, the Satyagraha is someone who sacrifice himself, do not accept any laws which is contrary to his or her conscience.
and yet ready to face the consequences for such breach or such resistance to the law which is unjust.
So, passive resistance involves the sacrifice of the self and he considers it superior than the sacrifice of others for the cause of political goal.
So, from this quotation, we can perhaps better understand his views on the fearlessness or the strength of his Satyagrahi, where he writes that where in courage required in blowing others to pieces from behind a cannon.
or a smiling face to approach a cannon and be blown to pieces.
Who is the true warrior?
He who keeps death always as a bosom friend or he who controls the death of others.
Believe me that a man devoid of courage and manhood can never be a passive resistor.
So Gandhiji, the fearlessness is something which is absolutely necessary for a passive resistor or a Satyagrahi.
So for him, this tool of passive resistance is an all-sided sword, it can be used anyhow.
It blesses him who uses it because of the ethical, moral or soul force and him against whom it is used.
And Gandhiji has successfully experimented with this idea of passive resistance throughout the freedom struggle in India.
And this passive resistance without drawing a drop of blood produces the far-reaching results to create a society which is more human, more compassionate and the individual realizes his true potential.
or her true potentiality according to his or her own volition.
So, according to Gandhiji, real home rule is possible only where passive resistance is the guiding force of the people.
Any other rule is the foreign rule.
So, for Gandhiji in India or in any society, the home rule or Swaraj is possible when passive resistance is the guiding force or any method, violence or any other guerrilla or whatever is foreign rule.
And according to him, passive resistors must observe these four practices that is perfect chastity, adopt poverty, follow truth and cultivate fearlessness.
And he himself experimented with many of these practices in his life.
So, what we find in Gandhiji is that he was a critical of modern western system of education for much of what it stood for.
He felt that it was wholly unsuited to Indiaís needs.
and was a bad copy of the western model which focus more on material possession or the economic political side of human life and very less and less about the moral and ethical side of individual and community lives.
So, however, it would be erroneous to think that Gandhiji rejected ideas from the modern west and remained un-influenced by it altogether.
As we have seen in the first lecture, many of his influence comes from many western writers.
And he was aware that there were elements in modern civilization like democratic political philosophy and some other elements which we have just discussed can be useful to India.
And in the preface to English edition of Hind Swaraj, he even urged his countrymen to adopt such positive aspects of modern civilization to drive out the English.
So, Gandhiji has a kind of dual engagement with the modern civilization and modern ways where he is not someone narrowly limited to his own culture or civilizational heritage, but a commutative of the views which is more suitable, more conducive in helping.
his own countrymen, he is willing to accept that as well.
So, he was not totally against the modern civilization, but he had a deep suspicion of the material progress in the West and its conception of modernity.
Because he realizes that modern civilization render individual helpless, suppress his autonomy and creativity which is the basis for all progress according to Gandhiji.
And therefore, he remained a kind of suspicious.
deeply suspicious of the many promises of modern civilization and he was dead against its blind imitation in Indian context.
So, his views on Hind Swaraj or critique of modern civilization, you can follow some of these texts which is Gandhiji himself wrote his original work Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule.
Then Hind Swaraj and other writings by Anthony J. Perel.
You can also look at Cambry's companion to Gandhi and political thought in modern India and makers of modern India by Ramachandra Guha.
And also, in this text, you have a chapter on Mahatma Gandhi which is also very useful.
So, that is all for today's lecture on Gandhiji's views on modern civilization and Hindu Swaraj.
And in next lecture, we are going to discuss his views on his vision of India and some of the responses that he receives from his contemporaries.
So, thanks for listening and let us know what you think about this lecture.
Thank you.
Alright Hello and welcome friends to this lecture on Ram Manohar Law here.
And through Ram Manohar Lohia, we will try to study some of the key issues of Indian politics and the issues has very significant status even in our modern contemporary political discourse.
So, from Ram Manohar Lohia, we will try to study his, we will focus his views on caste and class.
and also, his views on Indian language.
So, we will have three lectures on Ramban Arlohia.
Today, we are going to engage with his politics, his public life or political life, Arlohia as a thinker or some of the philosophical position he took on many social, political as well as the philosophical issues.
So, we will focus more on this side of Lohia as a thinker in today's class.
Or in the next lecture, we will focus on his views on caste and class.
And also, through that we will look at his ideas of socialism and his distinct interpretation of socialism.
And in the final lecture, we will examine his views on language.
And finally, we will conclude this lecture or that lecture on Lohia by critically evaluating some of his thought and thinking.
So, Lohia, in many ways, is a very fascinating modern Indian political thinker or his space or his ideas has a unique space in the history of modern Indian political thought.
And it is so, in many ways, in Lohia, we find a kind of combination of nationalism, Marxism or socialism.
And yet, there is a kind of innovative independent thinking or theorization about being inspired by these traditions or these intellectual thought and yet, independent in one's own thought when it comes to theorizing about Indian society, Indian polity and what should be the future of Indian society and how we can achieve that society.
So, in Ramanuja Lohia, he was a very strong nationalist.
inspired by many Gandhian ideals and also, the writings of Marx.
And in Indian context, he helped in theorization of socialism in a very distinct and unique way free from what now it is.
And in this course, we have begin with to look at those concepts or methods which will allow us to move away from excessive reliance on Euro-Centrism.
or European domination or hegemony in knowledge production.
In Lohia, we find that approach to devise or to conceptualize a politics which is free from the Eurocentric approach or Eurocentric methods.
And his understanding of socialism therefore, was rooted in the Indian reality, Indian society, Indian culture, Indian myths, folklore and a lot of things.
So, his understanding, his approach to politics as well as knowledge production or theorization of politics was a kind of shift and that we see in our contemporary intellectual scholarly debates when we now try to provincialize Europe or try to criticize the Euro-centrism of the knowledge production.
Lohia was trying to do it immediately after the political independence from the British rule.
So, Lohia has many philosophical or theoretical contribution in conceptualizing socialism rooted in Indian tradition, rooted in Indian realities and free from the western domination or Eurocentric approach.
And therefore, he was very critical of the both.
models of development be it communism or capitalism.
And he championed or fought for the socialism.
And his socialism was very different from many other kind of socialism say democratic socialism or Fabian socialism that was being argued by many thinkers and leaders in India.
The other significance of Lohia and his thought is his views on caste and caste as a root cause for social and economic equality in India.
So, there he differed from many left or the communist groups.
and their understanding of economic inequality and the method to fight for that inequality.
For Lohia, the caste is the root cause of such social and economic inequality and that he wanted to destroy.
And for that, he also tried to collaborate with Ambedkar and he was a kind of bridge between Ambedkar and Gandhi in the world view or the politics of Gandhian on the one hand or Ambedkarites on the other.
So, Lohia tried to collaborate or kind of bridge between these two world views or approach to the politics in modern India.
The other interesting thought in Lohia is his approach to the language.
So, many caricatures of Lohia that we have is about he being chauvinist or supporter of Hindi and fought against the English.
But his critique to English was not about the language as such, but the hierarchy or the feudal status of English vis-a-vis Indian languages or those who can speak, study or think in Indian languages.
So, he wanted to promote Indian language and therefore, he criticized English because it created divide, it created a kind of hierarchy in the society.
But so, in other words, when it comes to with Lohia, there is a kind of approach where on the one hand, he is regarded mainly by his followers as a kind of prophet or a thinker who is beyond any kind of scrutiny.
So, there is a kind of loyalty or a kind of uncritical following of Lohia and his thought and using some of his slogans to understand Indian society, Indian politics.
The other kind of groups who are really silent or a kind of uncritical engagement with Lohia and his thought even when his thoughts and concepts are very relevant in our contemporary politics.
The repercussions or the consequences of Lohia can be seen in the electoral politics also.
So many socialist party like Samajwadi party or Janata Dalai United or their leaders, they may claim or Ram Vilaís past one may claim their or may assert their allegiance to Lohia and his philosophy.
But in actual politics of these parties, the many ideals that Lohia stood for or fought for is simply absent.
So, Lohia in a way, present a kind of very fascinating thought or ideas for us to engage with one of the very fascinating development in modern Indian political thinking about society, socialism.
caste, class and use of language to create a society which is more just, more equitable or more inclusive.
So, Lohia, in that sense, remained a very fascinating thinker and we need to beyond these caricatures or selective appropriation or silencing of Lohia and his thought to engage more critically and subject his thoughts and ideas to our critical scrutiny and to take his ideas forward to understand which ideas are applicable and which ideas are not applicable and which concepts were limited to his times alone.
So, these are some of the things we will discuss over the course of this.
three lectures on Raman and Lohia.
So, Lohia being visionary as many political thinkers in modern India were, he often quoted this line that people will listen to me but after my death.
In that sense, it gives us a kind of very prophetic self-assessment by any thinker.
So in Tagore, we have seen how he many times uttered his kind of misfit or his own position in the larger unfolding of political issues.
Similarly, in Nehru, we see a kind of queer mixture of West and East and his own search for locating himself in the larger society and politics of India.
Similarly, in Ram Manohar Lahiya, we see his own assessment of his thought and its relevance in the time.
And he many times realized that many of the thinking or theorization that he was involved was much ahead of that time.
And many of his followers were in his assessment, not able to fully grasp or comprehend the ideas or the thought he was arguing for.
So, he stated that and it is very much true.
Now, after this birth of the senator of Lohia in 2010, there is a kind of retrieval of Lohia and re-engagement with Lohia.
And this has happened in many other thinkers also.
So, we have seen in Ambedkar.
After the independence for many decades, there is a kind of conspicuous silence about Ambedkar and his legacy.
Only after 90s, there is a kind of reassertion of Ambedkarite movement and new scholarships about Ambedkar and his ideas.
Similarly, with Lohia also, after 2010, there is a kind of resurgence of literature, scholarly debates, discussions and publication on Lohia and his thought.
So, there is a kind of...
So, increasing acknowledgement of the relevance of Lohia and his thought in our contemporary politics.
One reason for that is also Lohia was the most vocal critic of Congress party and its hegemony in the first or the second decades of independence.
And he played a crucial role in forming alliance of non-Congress party to form the government after the fourth general election.
So, Lohia did play a very significant role, but in his ideas, in his philosophical approach He remains very relevant and there is now a kind of re-engagement or a kind of critical engagement with Lohia and his thought in our contemporary times.
So, he was an activist thinker who was as with many other modern Indian political thinkers, deeply embedded in the politics of their time.
So was Lohia, but they were also very reflective about the present or the future of Indian society, the struggles that they have to undertake.
he was engaged and therefore, in his philosophical approach also, when there is a domination operations, so the fight against such domination and operation cannot be led or cannot be based or limited to one set of agenda, whether it is class as in left or communist approach, the class as the criteria or as the agent for revolution or transformation.
For Lohia, there has to be multiple ways or multiple agents of fighting different kinds of injustices.
And all those kinds of injustices have to fight simultaneously and not reducing or giving priority to one form of injustices over the other form of injustices.
So, fighting injustices in all forms was some of the major engagement of Lohia and Lohiaís and he remained committed to such struggle against injustices throughout his life which also allowed him to think about democracy or democratic imaginary in a very different way than those who were fighting the British.
But when they acquired the power, they were actually behaving more or less like the British.
So, he developed a very critical outlook because of his lifelong devotion to fighting injustices in all forms.
and developing a very unique and distinct approach to fight those injustices without being guided by a particular way of looking at injustices and identifying the agent who will fight such injustices.
So, Lohia is a very different, unique thinker in many ways.
So, critical of both capitalism and communism, Lohia formulated a very distinct Indian version of socialism.
This we will discuss more in the later lectures.
So, he argued for an indigenous.
And, the nationalist in Lohia is also therefore, very evident in his thought, in his thinking.
And this nationalism is also not that uncritical nationalism of a kind of narrow chauvinistic or Zingoistic kind of nationalism.
So, Lohia was deeply rooted in Indian sensibilities or Indian culture or Indian traditions of thought and thinking.
and yet, he was very critical in his approach to the nationalism.
But he was also deeply influenced by the indigenous or the indigenous mode of thinking and politics.
So, to understand or to fight against injustices in a particular society, one needs to understand that society.
And understanding of that society cannot be complete or holistic if we are guided by borrowed concepts or ideas.
And therefore, his focus was on the indigenous concepts, vocabulary to understand those injustices and then fight against those injustices.
So, he argued for an indigenous solution to the Indian problems which is free from Eurocentric influences that was the case by the modernist elite in India.
So, Lohiaís vision and claims over his thoughts remain tested and debated in the larger Indian philosophical and political thoughts which I have just discussed that his legacy and his ideas.
He is blindly followed by many of his loyal followers who do not want to subject his ideas to any rational, logical, critical scrutiny.
On the other hand, there are large number of groups who are conspicuously silent about the relevance of Lohia and his thought.
However, the ideas, the concepts or the approach Lohia had is becoming more and more relevant in our contemporary times than it was perhaps in his time and therefore, this quotation from Lohia.
Besides in active politics, Lohia was primarily a man of ideas.
This is not to say that his short life that is from 1910 to 1967 was bereft of actions.
He was involved during the Quit India movement, the movement for democracy in Nepal and in many other political and social activities.
very crucial for Lohiite kind of politics where there is a kind of piecemeal or kind of gradual approach to create an egalitarian society or a just society or ideal society.
However, his objective of building a strong socialist movement in India did not materialize which we have seen in the scholarly debates or intellectual debates also, and also, in the politics or in the electoral politics.
Largely, the ideals or ideas of Lohiite is absent besides merely a kind of symbolic use of Lohiite and his slogans by many of his followers like Samajwadi party or Janata Dal So, the socialist party, he was part of has splintered and lost its direction and vitality as an alternative force in Indian politics.
So, immediately after independence, socialism or socialist party provided a kind of hope or a kind of alternative to the congress or to the left.
But gradually, as we have seen the politics that has unfolded, the socialist party lost its direction and also splintered in many fractions, many groups.
And again, they come together to form a kind of alliance.
But in that coming together, the ideas that can force them together or a direction that they can take has never been materialized.
Because the ideals or the approach that Lohia or the vision that he was talking about is simply absent in the electoral arithmetics or electoral coalition that we see among the many so-called socialist parties in India.
So, now certainly, in our contemporary politics, we see the socialist party as an alternative force is simply ineffective in the actual politics.
However, his ideas and formulations have survived and are perhaps more relevant today than it was during his time as I was saying many of his approach against the dynastic or the dominance of one party over the other to rescue the democracy, to democratize the society.
to criticize the Euro-centrism or reliance on Euro-centric ideas and concepts to understand or interpret Indian realities.
So, many of his thoughts and ideas and his formulation of socialism are perhaps, more relevant today than it was in his time.
His ideas did change the grammar of Indian politics.
So, one of the significant influence of Lohia and his politics to a great extent was the rise of OBC, Other Backward Caste.
in northern India.
And in the grammar or in the vocabulary of Indian politics, he is considered as the leader or as the kind of visionary of OBC politics or to fight for the OBC reservation through Mandel and certainly, after the Mandel, the rise of silent revolution as Christoph Jafferlitt is talking about.
So, Lohia has greatly influenced such kind of political So, his influence in changing the grammar of politics and the role of OBC and their leadership in the Indian politics is now a reality.
They have become more and more effective or providing leadership in different states and different parts of the country in the government, in the administration or in all walk of social and public political life.
So, Lohia did play a significant role.
in providing both the ideological and the organizational base for such politics to emerge, particularly in North India and also, in some other parts of the country.
So, he provided a kind of new vocabulary or new structure or organization for the backward caste to develop their politics from the base which Lohia meticulously built immediately after the first or the second decades of independence.
According to Yogendra Yadav, The reasons for Lohia and his ideals absence from our contemporary public political discourse for a very long time and especially, after his death was largely, due to what he called three sins he committed.
First, Lohia attacked Nehru, often this attack was personal.
That is not to say, they do not share any cordial relationship.
In fact, when Lohia was part of Congress Socialist Party and working within the Congress to fight for the freedom, they were inspired by Nehru and his vision of a socialist society or a However, after the independence, this relationship between Lohia and Nehru becomes more acrimonious.
And in many occasions, Lohia launched a personal attack on Nehru which was the reason for many congress leaders or congress party to silence or to limit Lohia and his writings in the post-independent political development or political discourse, most certainly, after his death.
often, personally, at time when Nehru was like good like.
So, this was one of his sins what Yogendra Yadav calls.
The second is his vigorous and voluble campaign against English.
So, his campaign for Indian languages, support for the Hindi as the official language is now caricatured as his chauvinistic attitude to language which is seen or reduced to be seen as a mere opposition to English.
But as I have said, his approach to language and language issue which we will discuss.
in one separate lecture is to fight against the hierarchy, the feudal status of English as a privileged language or giving a kind of privilege in comparison to the Indian language.
So, he did support Hindi and he also, supported many Indian languages.
He wanted different Indian languages to communicate with each other directly without relying to a third language.
So, he was a more kind of.
democratic approach to the issue of language, democratizing the language or removing the hierarchy that is there between English as a foreign language or the Indian languages.
But unfortunately, it is seen or it is projected as his anti-English stand and not the larger democratic approach that he had against the English.
So, his campaign against English is also one of the sins he committed and that leads to his marginalization or his not a serious engagement with his thoughts and ideas.
And also, his questioning of upper caste dominance.
in Indian politics after the independence and support for caste-based affirmative action.
So, his famous slogan, Saumishad that is 60 percent in every sphere of social political life of India should be reserved for this backward caste and community.
So, these are three of the sins according to Yogendra Yadav which did not allow or which worked as major reasons for his silencing.
or conspicuous silence against Lohia and his thought in our not just political discourse, despite many followers, many parties showing their allegiance to Lohia.
But also, in the scholarly debates, but that is now something which is changing and people are now seriously trying to retrieve some of the relevant ideas in Lohia and also, subjecting his ideas to critical scrutiny and then try to figure out the relevant.
or relevance of Lohia and his thought for the modern politics.
Now, if you look at the personal and political life of Lohia, he was born on March 23, 1910 in Akbarpur in Uttar Pradesh to a family of merchants.
And following the death of his mother when he was two, Lohia was primarily raised by his grandparents and his father's commitment to Indian nationalism influenced him greatly during his childhood.
a staunch nationalist and that nationalism is also again a critical nationalist, narrow chauvinistic kind of nationalism.
But he remained despite of his leaning to socialist kind of politics, a strong nationalist which he inherited from his father, from his family.
And he attended Banaras Hindu University before earning a bachelor's degree from University of Calcutta and for a Ph.D, he went to University of Berlin where he studied economics and politics.
So, this is his educational qualification and he is going to Germany for higher education when the trend was everyone going to Britain.
to earn a degree in law or to do a Ph.D. Lohia chose to go to Germany and did his Ph.D. from there.
And in many ways, the ideas or the philosophical foundation of his thought was shaped by his stay in Germany as a student and to witness the emergence of fascist kind of politics.
and also, the writings of Marx and others were deeply influential in shaping many of his own thoughts and ideas.
Lohia belonged to the generation of leaders who came to limelight in the wake of Quit India movement.
So, Jayaprakash Narayan was their leader and they founded the Congress Socialist Party within the Congress in 1934.
So, he was very actively engaged in the socialist politics from the very beginning.
So, Jayaprakash Narayan and Lohia grew close to Gandhi in the last decades of his life, even when the older generation like Nehru and Sardar, Patel, Maulana Azad was becoming more impatient with Mahatma Gandhi.
So, it was also to be noted that when there was celebration of independence in many parts of the country, Lohia was along with Gandhi to fight for, to work for communal harmony or to provide solace to the wounded souls or individuals.
who were the victims of communal rights in different parts of the country.
So, they grew more closer to Gandhi and the Gandhian influence is also very fascinatingly, one can see is more influential in the socialist politics whether it is the politics of Jayaprakash Narayan or Lohia, then perhaps, in the statistic or a statist politics of the congress party.
claim to represent or to influence by the Gandhian ideals.
But Lohia and Jayaprakash Narayan certainly came closer to Gandhi and his thought even when the older generation of the Congress like Nehru Patel were becoming more impatient with Gandhi and his thought.
So, in 1934, Lohia became actively involved in Congress Socialist Party which was founded that year as a left wing.
group within the Indian National Congress.
So, there is also within the Congress certainly with Nehru or Subhash Chandra Bose, there is a tilt towards more left oriented politics or to think about creating an egalitarian society free from all kind of discrimination based on caste or class or gender.
So, within the Congress, there is a group or party called National Congress Socialist Party and Lohia was actively involved in the politics.
or the activities of this party within the congress and he served as an executive committee and also, edited its weekly journal.
So, for Lohia, opposing the congress as it is portrayed that he was first anti-congress, but for Lohia, opposing the congress was not a major concern.
But democratizing the society, the state, the polity was something he always fought for or stood for.
So, against the colonial domination or against political domination of one country by the other.
or the domination of one caste by the other.
In fact, Lohia very interestingly, considered the women as Sudra across the all caste groups in Indian society.
So, he was trying to extend the democratization beyond the state and polity to invade or to influence every sphere of human existence, even the intimate relations between men and women.
across the caste in the society and all.
So, Lohia has a very in that sense distinct or unique democratic imaginary which is yet to be retrieved or seriously engaged with.
So, for Lohia, opposing the congress was not a major concern as it is now being portrayed.
So, when the socialist decided to leave the congress after the independence to form a separate party because of their growing difference with the congress, Lohia was among the first few leaders who opposed the decisions and argued for.
So, if you remember, Gandhi was also trying to articulate the role of Congress after the attainment of independence.
And his articulation was not very favorably looked upon by many of his followers within the Congress.
And there was a serious differences that emerged between Gandhi and his approach or his vision of post-independent India and many congress leaders.
For the socialist party, including the Africa's Narayan or Lohia.
came closer to Gandhian politics and Gandhian ideals than many of his senior congress leaders.
So, nor did he advocated political allegiance right from the beginning.
So, through the 1950s, Lohia opposed socialists taking part in the politics of alliance to form the government.
It was only after the third general election that Lohia began to seriously look for possibility of forming an anti-congress coalition.
And this anti-congress coalition for Lohia is to democratize the politics or democratize the electoral politics where congress party was.
ruling both the center and the state and has a kind of hegemonic status in Indian politics.
Not to counter that or to counter such dominance, he wanted some alternative forces to take the place of congress as a kind of democratic approach or a kind of democratization of politics, state and electoral politics in India.
So, as many critiques or maybe sympathizers of Lohia tried to project him as the anti-Congress, but his anti-Congress has to do more about democratizing the politics and state than merely a kind of anti-Congress stand.
So, Lohia wrote that Gandhians are of three kinds.
Firstly, the priestly like those who uncritically followed the Gandhian ideals and become the prophet or inherited.
or claim to inherit the true legacy of Gandhi away from the state and its institutions.
So, there is a kind of one group or one kind of Gandhians which he claims as the Prishti group.
The second is the governmental state and institutions in modern India try to appropriate Gandhi and Gandhian legacy.
And the third which he called Vijayati or heretics Gandhi and he claims himself and the socialist party as the heretic Gandhian or the third group of Gandhians.
And so, socialist party including himself, he claimed to be a heretic Gandhian.
So, the influence of Gandhian thought in Lohia is also therefore, very much evident.
Of course, he was very critical of many aspects of Gandhian politics and yet, he was deeply influenced or took inspiration from.
Gandhian methods and Gandhian politics.
So, it is questionable if all socialist could claim however, such inheritance of being heretic Gandhians.
But Lohia politics was certainly, located in this heretic tradition of Gandhians.
So after the independence, Lohia came in the limelight for championing the cause of Hindi as the official language and for the promotion of other Indian languages in place of English.
So he said, the use of English is a hindrance to original thinking.
progenitor of inferiority feelings and a gap between the educated and uneducated public.
Come let us unite to restore Hindi to its original glory.
So, his objection to English is not against a language as such, but against the status of a language which hierarchies those who think, speak, write and do politics in a particular language and those who speak, think and write in a particular language.
So, Lohia has major problem with that kind of divide or that kind of hierarchy and therefore, he promoted or supported Hindi and many other Indian languages and this we can discuss in the next lecture.
So, for such remarks, Ram Mahatma Lohia have been constantly portrayed merely as a Hindi wala or even a Hindu chavanist by many of his critics.
But however, this critique of reducing Lohia as a merely Hindi wala or a Hindi chavanist is very far from true which we will discuss in detail when we will discuss Lohia's views on language.
So, Lohia spoke about the need of a world government or a world citizen but situated culture and tradition.
in specific locals and therefore, his critique to the Eurocentric concepts or methods which is located or applicable only in a particular civilizational or historical context of Europe or America that cannot be blindly applied in a non-Western society and community.
So, the specific locals and the culture and tradition of that society is very crucial in his vision of a world government or a world citizen.
Therefore, the diversity and not the homogeneity.
So, in Lohia and his politics and philosophy, we can also find the seeds of a politics that can resist any homogenizing and centralizing tendency in the politics or in the political thinking of his group or a party.
So, the seeds of a politics that can resist homogenizing and centralizing tendency are inherent in the politics and the philosophy of Lohia.
Lohia argued for equality between men and women against political economic and racial inequalities, for the destruction of caste which he considered as the root cause of all social and economic injustices, against the foreign domination, for economic equality, plant production and against private property, against interference in the private life and for democratic rights, for democracy or democratic rights and also, but against the arms and weapons and for satyagraha.
in a way that represent the radical Gandhi in Lohia.
So, in Lohia and his politics, we find a kind of simultaneous struggle against different form of injustices and not just any one particular form of injustices and reducing to one agent or giving responsibility to one agent to bring about social and economic transformation as we see in many communist parties and their articulation.
So, Lohia however, was unambiguous in his approach to caste.
So, unlike many reformers or thinkers who look at caste as a problem, Lohia was very unambiguous in his approach.
And according to him, the caste was the root cause of social and economic inequality in India and in order to build a just society, he also approached Ambedkar in 1950s.
This was part of his attempts to build a broad-based socialist party in India with a radical social justice as its base.
all the time.
So, their actions in the present are performed in the hope of achieving some objectives in the distant future.
So, many politics or political activities are carried out with an objective of achieving something in the distant future and that politics may be suffering from some error of judgment, some error of understanding.
So, very often, the link between the present and the future is rather complicated.
Giving rise to the politics of remote justification.
where all kinds of heinous acts or sins in the present are justified in the name of achieving something in distant future or some utopian thinking or utopian future.
So, a recognition of this error which many parties and most of the parties commit to justify something in the present which is unjustifiable in the name of achieving something in the distant future.
So, this recognition or insightful fact in Lohia and his thought enables him to create a new normative framework which focuses on the present or the immanence in the politics of transforming the society or creating an ideal society.
So, according to Lohia, living in the present would mean that each action should have an ethical justification intrinsic to itself and not guided by some past or some future distant objectives that one has in the beginning.
So, Lohia mean that each action should have an ethical justification that is intrinsic to itself and not with reference to some distant future.
This would save us from the politics of fear.
or greed that is the root cause of all the problems in Indian society or in many societies, the politics of fear and greed which is based on some ulterior motives or purposes and not embedded in the present or in the immanent or in the given situation.
So, for Lohia, the every act and the ethical justification for that act should be intrinsic to itself.
taking justification from the distant future or past.
So, this would save us from the politics of fear and greed.
Lohia named it the principle of immediacy.
So, this principle of immediacy ordains that each single act contains its own justification and there is no need to call upon the succeeding act in order to justify what is done here and now.
So, that is the politics he was arguing for.
So, as someone born into a nationalist family and in the leadership of the Congress Socialist His uncompromising opposition to colonial political dominations and a rejection to the colonizers' claim of cultural supremacy were very much natural in that sense.
So, yet Lohia discovered that a more subtle and deeper form of Euro-centrism persisted despite the political opposition to the colonial rule or the colonial subjugation.
So, it tended to take two forms basically, European, Diffusionism.
and the euro normality as the second, both of which Lohia exposed and vigorously, criticized in his writings and in many of his speech.
So, basically, the understanding of Lohia is even when there is a political opposition to the political rule, there is a more subtle and deeper acceptance of Euro-centrism or kind of Euro-diffusionism or normality which is all pervasive.
And Lohia was trying to fight against such kind of more subtle and deeper subjugation of thought and thinking.
So, European Diffusionism is basically, the belief that Europe happened to be the place that had experienced some social and economic transformation.
So, compared to other societies and civilizations, in modern times, it is in the Europe that there is a kind of serious political development for social and economic equality and not just in the realm of religion or spirituality.
So, this European Diffusionism is a belief that Europe happened to be the place.
that had experienced some social and economic transformation that were universal in a scope and would therefore, gradually, spread all over the world.
So, those who believe that the experience of the European society will gradually spread all over the world that we call westernization or modernization of the world and modernization is particularly, seen as a European experience as a kind of.
So, Europe becomes the criteria, the basis for judging the modernization or westernization of any society and economy.
So, those who believed in this kind of European differentism believed in such kind of gradual spread of this experience in different parts of world.
However, Lohia argued that the path of development followed by the European civilization.
and its extension would not be open to the rest of the world especially, the non-European country and society.
In fact, in his opinion, it was neither required nor desirable as it may not lead to desired ends of socialism in the non-Western society or the ideal society.
So, the application or the blind imitation of such ideas may have some harmful consequences on the non-European society than the positive results.
So, L'Huillier was against the assumptions of euro normality also built into the all the dominant knowledge forms and political ideology.
So, for him, the prevailing ideology of modern civilization, its normativity, principle and theoretical generalization were of limited European derivation and equally, limited in its applicability to understand or interpret realities in non-European societies.
So, even when there is a kind of common consensus about the use of western vocabulary and method to interpret and understand.
non-European society, Lohia developed this critique in the high time of such kind of scholarly discourse about the use of or the application of Eurocentric views and concepts to understand and examine the society.
But this besides, even when he was so critical or visionary and yet, there is a very less engagement with this aspect of his thought.
Even when now in the intellectual, in the field of knowledge production, there is increasing discomfort with the Euro-centrism in India or around the world.
So, they had to be treated as provincial unless proven otherwise.
So, there is no kind of then the narrow chauvinistic kind of approach to the ideas coming from other parts or other traditions in Lohia.
And he was championing for universalism, but that universalism should not be guided by the experience and the concepts of one particular culture or society.
So, for Lohia, capitalism and communism were but two faces of modern civilization that had reached a dead end.
So, it is not liberatory or it is not emancipatory anymore because both capitalism and communism has reached a dead end.
So, modern civilization, Lohia writes, no matter what its initial urges may have been has become a complex consisting of production of remote effect, tool of remote production, democracy of remote second rate application and even class struggle of remote justification.
In this regard, Lohiaís critique of modern civilization appears very much in line with and more subtle and fully developed than Gandhiís views on modern civilization.
So, Lohia was also someone engaged with the subtle and the deeper form of injustices or the colonization or the colonization of the thought process that was resulted because of the modern civilization which we need to seriously, engage with.
So, conceptualizing real modernity, Lohia distinguished between a side looking and a forward-looking worldview or politics.
So, a side-looking worldview involved no independent thinking, but simply, imitating or replicating the modern civilization of Europe and US all over the world.
So, European Diffusionism in a sense and a true modernity would then in Lohiaís thought would be involving a forward-looking worldview that so, whatever is suitable or rational in both of them, these backward-looking and the side-looking people.
adopt that real modernity is that the world has to be reconstructed from this and that he developed in the wheels of history and in many of his writings to conceptualize modernity in a distinct way free from the European influence or Eurocentric dominance.
So, he developed this into a distinction between cosmopolitanism and universalism and argued for universalism.
as a desired objective or a desired goal for a modern society and polity.
In his opinion, a cosmopolite is premature universalist and imitator of superficial attainments of dominant civilization and inhabitant of upper caste milieu without real contact with the people.
So, for him, the universalism is something which is desirable and cosmopolitan is a kind of obstruction.
universalism or what does that universalism entails.
But he developed a kind of distinction between cosmopolitanism and supported universalism in comparison to cosmopolitan elites which actually a kind of premature or a kind of unconnect with the real people.
So, Lohia rebelled not just against colonial political domination, but equally, against the cultural and the intellectual domination of West as we have seen.
And he outgrew a simple-minded nationalism to develop a critique of Eurocentrism from the vantage point of universalism.
It opened him to learning from Indian history, mythology, and intellectual traditions without closing his eyes to the best in global heritage of ideas.
So, he was inspired by the global ideas or the ideas coming from other traditions, but also, deeply embedded in the Indian tradition, Indian history, and the mythology to explain, to grasp the Indian reality, and then develop a politics which can transform the society to create it more equal, more just, and more ideal.
So, the vantage point of universalist but not cosmopolitan, forward-looking and not side-looking allowed Lohia to develop an uncompromising critique of both Euro-centrism and of elements in Indian tradition that cannot stand rational scrutiny.
So, he was also critical of those practices, beliefs in Indian tradition which cannot stand the rational scrutiny.
So, at the same time, his political moorings in the socialist movement meant an uncompromising adherence to the ideals of equality.
And this ideals of equality remains the basis of all his politics and his thought.
So, he outgrew the received and narrow focus on economic equality within a country and expanded the notion to include both internal and external equality.
So, within a nation, inequality of income or social inequality in terms of caste should go.
So, internal inequality and also, external equality, it is freedom from political domination of one country by the other.
and also, equality in gender, caste, and race that he argued for.
So, it is interesting that the Mandal revolution transformed the politics in North India.
But the ideological ground for OBC empowerment was prepared by Lohia as I was saying, both intellectually or ideologically, and also, organizationally.
However, that legacy of Lohia is not subjected to a critical engagement or to engaged with his works and many critics developed their definite opinion on Lohia and his works even without reading his texts and his speeches.
So, this OBC empowerment especially, the post-Mundell politics which has transformed the politics especially, the electoral politics, we need to perhaps, revisit many of the ideals that Lohia was arguing for but is absent from the political.
contemporary politics in the name of socialism or even when giving symbolic allegiance to Lohia, we need to revisit some of the ideals that he was arguing for.
However, this outside the realm of electoral politics, numerous new social movements in India and their leaders are part of a stream that counts Lohia as one among its many sources, including Gandhi, Jayaprakash and many others.
These leaders or these new social movements considered Lohia as one of their source of inspiration or motivation to fight for all kind of discrimination or injustices.
So, Ram Manohar Lohia contributed significantly to the formulation of an intersectionalist approach.
So, this intersectionalist which cut across caste, class, gender is something very unique and innovative in Lohia politics and his thought.
So, for understanding the inequalities, exclusions and exploitation in the power system of India.
So, this is a more comprehensive approach to understand injustices, exploitation in many forms and then to have simultaneous.
struggle against those forms of exploitation and injustices and not reducing it to one group or one agent for such struggle for justice.
So, this was highly significant for interrogating the dynamics of power as well as the key determinants of the matrix of power based on caste, class, gender and language.
This we will further develop as we closely, look at his ideas on caste.
and class, and also, on socialism and especially, his views on language.
So, in the next two lectures, we are going to more critically, engage with his views on caste and class, socialism and also, on language to understand Lohiaís intersectionalist approach to fight against many injustices and exploitation and to see the nexus of power based on or the matrix of such power relations based on caste, class, gender and languages.
So, on this lecture, you can refer to some of these works, one by Ramanujan Lohia, his life and philosophy by Indumati Kaur.
This is the best biography so far published on Lohia and his thought.
Some of the texts, you can also look at to understand Lohia and his politics is what is living and what is dead in Ramanujan Lohia by Yogendra Yadav.
Also, on remembering Lohia by Yogan Duryodhana, this you can find in Economic and Political Weekly.
Raman or Lohia in appreciation by Gopal Krishna, this can also give you a kind of wider view and also, to locate Lohia in the larger politics of post-independent India.
So, this text by Gopal Krishna, you can also find in EPW 1968.
Also, Raman or Lohia by Mastaram Kapoor in Economic and Political Weekly and Mastaram Kapoor has also compiled all the writings of Lohia in multiple volumes.
which can be better source or richer source to understand many aspects of Lohia and his politics.
And also, understanding Lohia's political sociology, intersectionality of caste, class, gender and language by Anand Kumar you can refer to.
So, these are some of the texts which you can refer to understand Lohia and his politics.
So, that is all for today's lecture.
Thank you.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you.
.
Hello and welcome friends to the second lecture on Ram Manohar Law here.
Today, we are going to discuss his views on caste and class and also, his views on socialism.
In the previous lecture, we have discussed Ramanujan Lohia, his personal political life and also, the philosophical basis of his thought and his ideas on caste, on socialism or on language or a lot of social hierarchy and how to rebuild or reconstruct Indian society according to the principle of socialism and what should be the basis of caste and class.
that socialism and how that is different from the European models of socialism or many scholars arguing about democratic socialism in India also.
So, today, we are going to focus basically, his thought on caste and class and also, on gender and in that, we will discuss how his approach differ from many social scientists or scholars who are talking about these.
language and how his understanding of language differs very much from the many caricature that we now come to associate with Lohia when it comes to understand or when it comes to recognize or engage with his views on language.
So, as I was discussing in my previous lecture, there is a kind of tendency when it comes to engage with Lohia, among the followers, there is uncritical.
submission to Lohia and his thought.
And those who are critic, they have a kind of caricature of Lohia even without engaging with his text for and not to say about not engaging critically with his thoughts and ideas which is very relevant certainly, in our contemporary times.
So, today when we will discuss his views on caste and class.
We will realize that approach he is talking about is becoming more and more relevant in social science discourse, whether it comes to moving away from Euro-centrism or excessive reliance on the concepts or methods produced in Western European societies and then applied in India to explain or to interpret Indian society or Indian reality or the intersectionality that is now coming together or taking into account different.
different aspects or different layers or different levels or different categories which produce social hierarchy, social exploitation and take them together to understand how these hierarchy be it caste, class, gender, language comes together to form or produce hierarchy or exploitation in everyday lives.
So, Lohia is becoming more and more relevant Even in contemporary times and yet, there is a kind of conspicuous silence about engaging with his thought critically even among this many scholars and so on.
That is not to say, there is no resurgence.
So, in certainly, last 5 or 10 years, there is a kind of re-emergence of interest in Lohia and his writings.
But certainly, for a very long time after death of Lohia, there has been a conspicuous silence and what were the reason for such silence, we have discussed in the previous lecture because of his politics.
or because of his critique certainly, to Nehru, to English and to the upper caste domination in public and political life of India.
There were some of the reasons which actually, led to the kind of silence that we have seen for a very long time when it comes to engaging with Lohia and his thoughts.
So, to understand his thought on caste and class or to understand the social stratification in India, so many social scientists or scholars and political or thinkers have tried to explain the root cause of caste and how to see caste in relationship with other categories be it gender or language or religion.
And we have discussed through say certainly with B. R. Ambedkar his theorization of caste and how to eradicate the caste.
You will find Ramanadla here having a very different approach or more holistic approach gender, language, ethnicity, religion and many such like categories to understand social reality or to understand the hierarchy or stratification of Indian society.
However, their approach to this question can be broadly divided into two broad categories.
First is among those which deals with a singular category.
So, you will find many texts, many speeches, many writings taking into account any one category.
be it caste or be it language, be it gender to understand or explain the social reality or the hierarchies in Indian society.
However, on the other hand, you will find the individuals taking into account multiplicity of these factors.
So, maybe two or more and all of them together to understand the Indian society in a more holistic way.
So, multiplicity of these factors which together reproduce hierarchies and inequalities in Indian society.
when explain Indian society and Indian reality do not rely or do not give primacy to one category over the other.
So, there is no kind of prioritization of category or a kind of particular kind of discrimination or the social cleavages.
So, there is a kind of intersectional approach to understand how all these categories come together to create a power hierarchy or a power relationship.
And then, the approach to redress these hierarchies or operations requires multifaceted approach and Lohia was arguing about such things.
So, Raman or Lohia's approach was an intersectionalist.
I will explain this word.
Intersectionalist as I saying take into account the multiplicities of categories which comes together to reproduce a matrix of power relationship which divide the society and create a kind of power hierarchy between and among the member of that society.
Now, this kind of approach in sociology or in political science to understand different forms of exploitation or domination is becoming more and more relevant.
But in the very beginning of India's post-independent journey, Lohia took a very intersectionalist approach to understand the dynamics of caste and class in Indian condition.
So, Ram Manohar Lohia's approach was an intersectionalist one which dealt with the dynamics, and the interrelations between or of caste, class, gender, and language in reproducing and perpetuating inequalities, exploitation, and exclusions in India.
So, to understand these exploitation, exclusions, or oppressions in India and how it get reproduced in everyday lives, Lohia had a very broader holistic or intersectionalist approach.
to understand how these categories be it caste and as we proceed in this lecture, we come to know how caste produce the hierarchy and it oscillates between class and caste and caste with gender and how all these together come and relate with the issue of language, whether a ruling class in India is speaking English and that is the critique of Lohia and his struggle for Indian languages against the Angles.
So, his Anglesi hatao or remove or English was not against a language per se.
It was against a kind of status that is provided to them who speak this language.
So, the hierarchy that it constructs, Lohia had problem with that hierarchy.
So, in this way, Lohia's approach was a kind of holistic intersectionalist to understand the dynamics and the interrelationships of all these categories together and how they come together and construct a power matrix is something which Lohia was engaged in to understand or to explain and then to fight against.
So, according to a sociologist professor Anand Kumar, he writes.
that Lohiaís approach presented a multi-dimensional, differentiated and graded view of the structure of inequalities and exploitations in India.
So, then, he went taking into account these categories did not essentialize anyone.
So, of course, Lohia was for social equality or social justice.
But the social inequality that is produced in India is so multi-layered.
and it has so much of graded hierarchy or inequality that it requires more complex or more region specific.
So, within India, how caste operates in one part of the country and same caste operate in a different fashion in different parts of the country.
So, here, was sensitive enough to understand the specificities of the same categories working in different parts of the country and also, how different categories caste, class, and class, gender, language come together to produce a kind of hierarchy or a matrix of power which differentiate between the ruling class or ruling elites and the masses.
So, as Anand Kumar has rightly said that he presented a multi-dimensional approach not essentializing any category, but to see it in connection or in interrelationship with other such categories which reproduce hierarchy, which reproduce domination and differentiation.
So, he presented a multi-dimensional differentiated and graded view.
therefore, to the structure of inequality and exploitation in India.
Therefore, Lohia is more relevant even for contemporary politics or contemporary realities in society and perhaps, more relevant today than he was writing about his views on caste or class.
Now, his major works for today's class, the caste system and also, Marx, Gandhi and socialism which he wrote in 1963 is very relevant for today's lecture.
But his other works like fragments of a world mind or the wheel of history.
Partly, we have discussed it from this in our previous lecture and also, India, China and northern frontier.
So, he has the passion or he shared it with other modern Indian political thinkers about role of India in the larger humanity.
And he argued for a world government or world parliament and considered himself as a world citizen.
So, that side of Lohia is also very much present when he is talking about the India specificities or conceptualizing the distinct socialism that should be applicable to India or critiquing Euro-centrism or reliance on Eurocentric concepts and methods.
Yet, he is also arguing for a kind of world government or the world parliament.
So, beside these texts, Lohia also published some weekly magazines like Chowkamba and Jan which is a monthly or Chowkamba which was a weekly Hindi magazine.
And also, he published one as the name suggests and I was saying the Mankind.
This was an English monthly which he published through the writings.
And therefore, as I was saying in this course again and again, all the thinkers were deeply embedded in the politics of their time and so was Lohia.
And Lohia is more distinct because of his rebel nature or a rebel socialist or a visionary thinker working.
many times against the government policies, against the prime minister Nehru and many of his policies in the post-independent India.
And while being embedded in the politics, he had a very futuristic vision for reconstructing Indian society and in that futuristic vision, he did not essentialize any categories or any particular section of Indian society.
So, he had a vision for reconstructing India or Indian society in a new way based on his philosophy or his understanding of socialism.
And this visionary thinking in Lohia was embedded in his practices.
So, be it his writings, his pamphlets, his active involvement in the organizational politics of socialist party or Sunni socialist party forming an alliance against the congress.
In all these activities, he actually represented.
a kind of thinker deeply embedded in the politics of his time and yet reflective enough or visionary enough to think about the holistic approach to the social problems or the political or the global challenges that humanity as a whole was facing.
And he provided the solution which was in many ways, very innovative and original in comparison to the many scholars or scientists having a kind of derivative approach to the many of the challenges that India was facing.
So, Lohia continued to present his views on many issues social, political, specific to India or non-Western societies and also, the global challenges that was happening.
So, the capitalism, the divide it produces or the communalism, the problem or the dead end in which it entrapped itself and how it cannot be applicable to non-Western society especially like India, Lohia had the foresighted vision or thinking about.
many of such challenges.
If you look at specifically, about this issue of caste and class in Lohia, Lohia recognized caste as the primary form of inequality.
So, for Lohia, the question of inequality, especially, the economic inequality is the root cause of all kind of social exploitation or operation in the society.
So, that is the root.
But he did not actually give primacy and therefore, he was actually fighting for social equality and social justice and his politics was oriented towards creating a society with less and less equality.
And that less and less equality is not just between economics on the economic sense, but also, in the social or cultural sense also.
So, how to understand the inequality or the economic inequality in India?
He argued that to understand economic inequality, you cannot just rely on the category of class.
Class.
as a category to understand the economic inequality.
You have to include into it the question of caste as well as gender and also, the language to understand how inequality is produced and the social status attached to a particular group or particular category operates in India or within India, in different parts of India.
So, he was having a more nuance, more objective or a kind of multiplicities of approach or a kind of understanding about all these categories individually, and then how they come together to reproduce the exploitation or inequalities in India.
So, here, he recognizes the caste although the primary region or root cause of inequality in Indian society which reflected in its culture, in its economy, in its polity or in its society.
So, he considered the caste as the primary form of equality and he shares with many radical social reformers who wanted caste to be eradicated.
and not to be reformed.
So, unlike many scholars like Gandhi and many others, we are arguing about reforming the caste.
Lohia says with Periyar, Ambedkar and many other social reformers that need to eradicate or destroy the caste system.
So, caste system for him is the root cause of social inequality in India, but he did not essentialize it.
And the understanding of the caste is not without reducing all forms of inequality just to the caste.
So, he had a kind of intersectionalist approach as I was arguing to see how caste operates in India.
and how it affects other sphere of Indian lives.
But also, how the caste operates, the same caste operates in different parts of India and how to understand the domination and subordination and the layers of graded inequality that it reproduces in everyday lives of Indian people.
So, his understanding of caste as a primary root of all social or economic inequality, however, he did not essentialize the concept of caste.
So, Lohiaís approach And class question was very different from say, many contemporary Marxist approach which solely focused on the dynamics of class and reduced other category such as caste or gender as the secondary.
So, in many Marxist explanations or interpretations of Indian society, the premise is attached to the question of class.
And caste and other forms of social hierarchy or social discrimination is given some kind of secondary status or in priority, it comes second to the class.
question or category of class.
Lohia, differs very substantially completely from this kind of prioritizing one form of inequality over the other.
And the problem with that kind of approach, it misses the oscillations between caste and class especially, in Indian society.
So, his approach was distinct from the approaches of say, Perrier or Ambedkar.
So, he agreed with Perrier on the necessity of eliminating the caste because mere reforms will not help in reconstructing the society based on social equality or social justice.
However, he differed from Periyar on many issues such as the violent anti-Brahminism.
So, Lohia himself, Gandhian and Gandhi method of politics of non-violence or Satyagraha had deep influence on Lohia.
So much so that when under the socialist party government, there was firing on the people, he actually asked the socialist party to resign from the government.
So, the non-violent method as possible or as the most appropriate form of politics to reform or reconstruct the society led Lohia, even when he agreed with the overall objective of the caste politics and to eradicate it, he differed with Perrier on the question of the violence, anti-Brahminism and also, his campaign against Gandhi or Indian constitution and also, Hindi in the name of attacking caste system.
So, he differed with Perrier also, when he agreement with the question of eradicating the caste system and not just being satisfied with the reforming the caste system.
So, his approach is also one can find very distinct from Ambedkar, where Lohia paid relatively more or greater attention to the aspect of gender or how women among the backward classes suffer double operations and therefore, in the rise of feminist movement and once again, We find Lohia far more ahead of his times, we will come to discuss that when we talk about his views on gender.
But Indian feminism or Indian feminist movement that we see in our contemporary times hardly take into account the views or writings of Lohia on the question of gender.
But when he is articulating his response to the caste system, he differs from Perrier as I have just discussed, but also, with Ambedkar.
focuses or gave more attention to the question of gender based operation along with the caste.
And in this regard, we find Lohia's approach to the caste system is closer to Mahatma Fule or Jyotiribha Fule.
So, here on this question of caste and class as a category also, we find Lohia used these terms in their generic sense.
Generic is more general and not a specific to a society.
So, these were not used in their specific sense.
connotation in Indian or western context.
So, suppose, we say caste is only India specific or class is only result or consequences of the industrial development or capitalism or say European or western origin.
For Lohia, he actually de-Indianized the caste or decolonized the caste, but also, he de-Europeanized the class as well.
So, as professor Anand Kumar is arguing that in Lohia, the interpretation or the connotation of caste and class.
is done in a more innovative way to make it applicable to understand the social realities in different countries, in different contexts and not specific to a particular society, be it Indian or Western or European.
So, in many societies, in this more generic sense, where cost, price, etc.
are considered class is a kind of immobile class or class is a mobile caste that happens in all the societies, in most of the societies historically.
So, he argued and make it a kind of maxim or a principle to understand the social hierarchy or inequalities in India, where there is a kind of oscillation between caste and class and there is a dynamic interrelationship between the two in terms of producing.
and perpetuating social inequalities and hierarchy.
So, if you look at his views on the caste system, we can perhaps begin with his analysis of the consequences of the caste system on the nation as a whole or a society as a whole.
So, he writes caste as I was saying the immobile class.
So, caste restricts opportunity, restricted opportunity constricts ability, constricted ability further restricts opportunity.
So, where caste prevails.
Opportunity and ability are restricted to ever narrowing circle of the people and that is the major reason for fragmentation in Indian society or social cleavages or the caste operations or the privilege that is associated to particular caste or particular individual depending upon their education or their use of language, wealth or the caste status.
So, we will discuss about this.
divide between ruling class and the masses in India also.
But caste is a problem, caste is the biggest problem or impediment in creating a society which is based on social justice or social equality because it restricts opportunity.
So, there is a kind of reduction or a kind of restriction in the opportunity that is available to different caste or different groups.
So, caste restricts opportunity.
So, some opportunity or most of the opportunities are open to only a particular limited caste.
creating a new society or constructing or transforming the existing hierarchy or social exploitations.
But also, to democratize the all sphere of society including the power relationship or power that flows from top to bottom or bottom to top.
So, on this question of inequality to which Lohia argued again and again and considered it as the root cause of all the problems, all the challenges that India or humanity as a whole was facing.
And, he considered 20th century in many ways, is a revolution against all kind of operations and exploitations, be it caste-based, class-based, ideology-based, political domination of one country over the other, all there is a kind of or gender-specific exploitation.
So, there is a kind of multi-faceted approach or fight or revolution against all these forms of exploitation and that is something, which he considered unique in the 20th century.
So, the caste in that approach prevent the opening up of opportunity and allowing the abilities to realize its potential because of this restriction based on caste and that creates a problem which leads to ever narrowing circle of the people which enjoy enormous power and have great status attached to that power.
So, he regarded caste as both.
a discriminating social structure and a disabling cultural phenomena and that is intertwined in his analysis.
So, it is not just about a particular status of individual in the society, but also, there is a whole cultural, political and material benefits associated with oneís caste identity and that is the major problem which he thought.
So, caste with its inherent inequality, stratification and cruelty have resulted in dehumanization.
of both the oppressed and the oppressive castes and is responsible for the fragmentation of Indian society.
So, caste which is inherently based on inequality or stratification or demonization of one caste over the other or how a superior caste see its inferior with contempt.
That is the major problem which leads to dehumanization of both the oppressed and oppressive.
And there we see a kind of similar approach to them.
Ambedkarís approach to this whole question of caste which prevent a kind of public opinion or a morality which transcend the caste based limited sense of ethics, loyalty or morality to in Indian society.
So, Lohia, also, believes that because of this inherent inequality, stratification and cruelty in the caste system, it leads to dehumanization of both the oppressed and the oppressive and is responsible for the fragmentation.
of Indian society.
And he considered the presumed superiority of mental work over manual work that is the basis or the notion of pure or pollution and relation of pure with the mental work or the intellectual work and pollution with the manual work that is involved.
He was very critical of this notion of superiority or inferiority on the basis of the work be it mental or the manual.
He considered that unnatural and he added that there is nothing like a pure mental or manual work and the value of this.
And here is a kind of Gandhian approach to regard all forms of labour with same respect or with dignity also in Lohia.
So, Lohia thought that the destruction of this inhuman system was not easy because of its layered and graded nature of inequality.
It required a multi-dimensional or multi-faceted attacks on the philosophical, religious, political, historical, economic and the social roots of the caste system.
So, there cannot be a kind of one.
unidimensional or a kind of selective or limited approach to root out this inhuman system of caste based discrimination or inequality in India.
So, he wanted to have a kind of multifaceted approach often in alignment with other categories such as gender or language or class to root out this whole problem of caste system in India.
So, Lohia is very sensitive as I was arguing about this plurality or multiplicities of caste experiences in different parts of country.
So, just being anti-Brahminical does not.
necessarily, lead to the eradication of caste or fighting the whole system as such.
So, although the caste existed in almost all of India, caste in its form and operation differs across the regions.
And therefore, he stressed on the necessity of region specific approach to eliminate caste system.
So, he had a kind of simplistic one size fit all kind of approach or a kind of universal approach to solve the caste problem.
So, having a kind of objective and as I was discussing in my previous lecture, the focus on the present and the present act and every act should justify its action or the consequences of its action, the ethical or the moral basis.
So, the politics in Lohia, in that sense, is more a kind of aesthetic act, a moral act to reform the society and not about power or not about holding the office, but to helping the transformation of the society to create.
or to make it more just or more equal.
So, in doing that, Lohia did not carry the colonial baggage or the kind of easy formula of using caste or its category as classified by the administration or the colonial administration.
He saw it in different parts of the country and he saw its operation and its functioning differ from region to region.
So, one group may be subordinated in some part, but in the other part, they may be a dominant or the hegemonic group.
Lohia was arguing about to have a kind of region specific approach to the caste problem and to eliminate it also.
So, in his book, The Caste System, Lohia writes that 90 percent of the Indian population constitute backward sections or what he calls backward class.
So, remember the first backward class commission by Kaka Kelkar commission submitted the report, but it was not approved or accepted because of the problem in identifying or there are many contestation in identification of a group as a backward caste or as a backward class.
So, in the backdrop of such discourse, Lohia was arguing about that 90 percent of Indian people including among those who are poor, among the dhwis or the so-called upper caste and also, certainly, backward castes like SCs, STs, also, the women or the minorities in the Christian or the religious minorities communities that constitute his overall understanding of backward classes in India which he argued is about 90 percent of the population.
And that 90 percent of government jobs and industry is controlled by the rest 10 percent of the population and that is his stand political critique against the hegemony of upper caste and that leads to some kind of as I was arguing about silencing.
about Lohia and his works certainly, after his death.
But as long as he lived till 1967, he prepared the ideological and the organizational basis for this rise of upper caste movement as we see and we have argued that Christoph Jaffer led talking about the silent revolution in India.
So, Lohia should be credited to providing the base for such kind of politics or political leadership to emerge and he was in many ways.
the propagator of such kind of politics.
And then, there is a problem also, then with the OBC movement, it is just the Lohia who is attributed, not just Lohia, but his politics or his organizational work or ideological positions are attributed for the emergence of Mundell kind of politics or the reservation for the OBCs.
But the overall or the holistic approach in Lohia is somewhat which is missing and we need to re-engage with such kind of politics in Lohia.
argue about his stand for reservation and why he is demanding that reservation and overall objective for such preferential treatment is to construct a society which is more just and equal.
So, this concentration of power in the hands of upper caste men according to Lohia had paralyzed this country.
Therefore, he pushed for the entry of the depressed sections of society or backward classes of society into public life and administration.
through preferential treatment and demanded therefore, 60 percent of reservation for the backward classes of society, barring some specialized services like surgery which requires specific expertise.
So, he preferred this reservation not as a tool of individual selfish development, but as the means of social equality and advancement of national prosperity.
So, that is the overall objective which he wanted to achieve.
And in that sense, we see a kind of democratic.
or democratic imaginaries in Lohia and his thought where he wanted power to be diffused or decentralization of power and maximum participation of different sections especially, from the backward classes which is underrepresented or the over domination of a section of society on the administration on the public in the political life.
Lohia was arguing against such kind of domination or concentration of power or exercise of power by that section, that minority section over the large.
or the majority of the masses.
So, his argument is more or can or should be seen more towards a kind of democratization of politics, administration through representation or through adequate representation of different sections and not just a kind of selfish individualistic aggrandizement kind of thing.
So, to remove the caste barrier, Lohia also argued for inter-caste marriages or inter-caste marriage as the basis for the creation of such society based on equality and justice.
So, he wanted the government to take necessary measures to promote inter-dining or inter-caste marriages which is very similar to Ambedkarís kind of approach as we have discussed.
And since, there were practical limitations on the part of state to make inter-caste marriage obligatory, he wanted the state to provide preferential treatment to the parties involved in inter-caste marriages for a specific period.
So, to eradicate the caste system or the inhuman inequalities.
produced and reproduced by the caste system, he also, championed the cause of inter-dining or inter-marriages.
And he sought the role of a state in providing or facilitating such marriages.
So, we can also, find then his approach to the caste system was not anti-Brahmin or anti-Brahminical rhetoric.
So, often, in the caste-based politics or movement, you see a kind of overall focus to root out or to attack the Brahminical or the Brahminical ideology.
forces or the Brahminical traditions or the intellectual works.
Lohia is not someone who is arguing for fighting for anti-caste as a kind of anti-Brahminical stand.
So, reflecting on the limitation of anti-Brahmin approach as the medium of eliminating caste system Lohia writes and this he writes about the South Indian anti-Brahminical movement.
So, I never been anti-Brahmin and I have almost always been anti-caste.
So, being anti-caste is not equal to being anti-Brahmin.
But I made a slight mistake in imagining that the anti-Brahminism of the south could be transformed into anti-caste in the rest part of the country.
So, the ruling elements among the Redis, Mudalyas and Nairs have in the past 50 years been anti-Brahmin only to come abreast of the Brahmins and now that they have done so, at least politically, they appear to be settled.
They are satisfied with that thing.
And they have given up their ideology of reservations and are now as much against the so-called communal governments order as were once Brahmins.
He saw the limitation in this kind of anti-Brahminical stand or movement where one group replaces the other.
But the whole objective of such replacement is forgotten or betrayed once the other group acquire that power and that does not help in destroying the caste system to begin with.
And that was the major objective which Lohia is arguing about.
So, Lohia, for him, the eradication of caste in conclusion, one can say, requires the multi-faceted approach and there is a kind of inter-relationship between other categories.
We now discuss his views on caste and gender.
So, Lohia is among the few anti-caste thinkers who was able to draw the inter-relationship between caste and gender operations.
His articulation of backward class is.
He included women of all castes as backwards.
And his emphasis on women question, one can infer from the point that the equality between men and women was the first and foremost principle of Saptakranti that he advocated.
And we will discuss this notion of Saptakranti later.
So, as I was saying that the intersectionalist approach in him to understand different forms of operations or exploitation and the interrelationship between them allow him to see the question of gender.
as a problem as perhaps is the caste.
So, the women, he considered as the part of backward class no matter what is their caste background.
So, women from all caste backgrounds are part of backward class because of there is a discrimination or exploitation on the basis of gender in all the caste groups in Indian society.
So, he argued that Indian women especially, depressed castes is doubly, subjugated by these two factors of caste.
and also, gender.
He considered this double operations responsible for the decline of spirit of India or the public spirit or the collectivities where there is an adequate representation of different caste, but also, the half of the population that is gender.
So, he regarded gender discrimination and oppression as the biggest impediment in the realization of an egalitarian society.
And that is why he argued for men-women equality as the first and foremost principle of his idea of Saptakram-Ti or Seven Revolutions.
So, in order to root out this double operations, Lohia focused on the four key areas and these are slavery of the kitchen and the field of sanitation.
Also the re-examination of institution of marriage and the hypocrisy that is involved in decision about marriage, equality in education and property rights and also preferential treatment in politics and employment for the women.
So, Lohia is arguing about all these four areas to remove the gender inequalities or gender operations in Indian society.
And this, he is doing in 1960s or 1950s that is something which is far ahead of his time.
So, the tragedy is or the unfortunate part of it is when we see the discourse or political scholarly debates and discussion on feminism or feminist movement in India, there is very less engagement with his thoughts and ideals of women.
question.
And he was also, arguing for Indian tradition or there have been different movements in Indian tradition for eradication of caste and for the higher status of women or equal status of women in the public life.
And he cited the examples of many women thinkers or legendary figures.
from the Indian past.
So, Draupadi or Maitri or many Bharati and many other examples he cites.
And so, with the caste operations and the caste question, he thought that Indian tradition and Indian culture has the potentiality to fight against such operations or discriminations.
So, now, if you look at his views on India's ruling class, while defining the ruling class Lohia adopted an inclusive approach composite of socio-culture, political and economic factors.
So, in his views, the ruling class in India can be defined or identified by three distinct characteristics.
First, high caste, second is English education and third is wealth.
Now, he considers that any individual which has any of the two criteria out of three, he is part of the ruling class.
So, presence of any two of these can provide individual the entry to the ruling class.
So, either upper caste or English education or English education or wealth or in any formula, any of the two characteristics will allow the individual entry into the ruling class in India.
Here, he did not include women of any caste as I was arguing.
So, women from all caste is part of backward classes according to Lohia's formulation of power relationship in society.
So, he thought that women of all classes are exploited to certain extent that restrict their entry to the realm of ruling classes.
So, throughout his life, through his politics and writings, Lohia tried to bridge this gap or divide between the ruling classes or elite and the masses of Indian society.
And that gives us to reformulate perhaps the democratic imaginary in Lohia without reducing him merely as the spokesperson of the OBC or any particular.
So, and his holistic approach and multifaceted struggles towards the intersection of caste, class, gender, language discriminations were aimed at creating a new socialist egalitarian society guided by the principle of horizontal solidarity in place of vertical solidarity based on caste, wealth or education, especially, English education and twin principle of social equality and social justice.
So, that is his overall holistic approach towards creating or reconstructing a society from scratch.
which is based on this horizontal solidarity and principle of social equality and justice.
Now, briefly, if you look at his views on socialism which is very distinct and Lohia is more innovative and very original in his articulation of socialism for non-western societies especially, for India.
So and one of the speech becomes the basis for such articulation and also, his work like Marx, Gandhi and socialism.
He gave this redefinition or re-articulation of socialism in India in his presidential speech to the Panchamuri convention of the socialist party in 1952.
And he spoke there that no greater disaster could be fall socialism than if the historical peculiarities of its carrier in Europe were sought to be universalized.
and reproduce in the other two-thirds of the world.
So, now, this is a kind of move away from Euro-centrism in Lohia.
And that is why Lohia becomes a very fascinating or important figure to engage with to understand the specificities of different societies to understand their politics or to interpret their realities.
So, he, in this speech, we will discuss how he tried to innovatively reconstruct or reformulate the socialism for India or non-Western society.
And he was very critical against blind imitation of ideology emerge in a peculiar condition of or the historical peculiarities in Europe and then it tries to be universalized.
So, there is a kind of belief in many progressive so-called thinkers and intellectuals that something that emerged in any part of the country will gradually spread different parts of the world and it is it result in the betterment.
or transformation of society.
Lohia was very critical of such kind of arguments about the blind imitations or following of an ideals which emerged in a particular historical specificities of a part of the humanity or the world.
So, Lohia was very critical of such kind of blind imitation.
So, in his socialism, the social equality and social justice were the cardinal principle of Lohia's politics and philosophy.
And to achieve that he argued that socialism.
was the only way forward to create a society, to transform a society which is based on the principle of social justice and social equality.
However, Lohia believed that for too long, the doctrine of socialism strived on borrowed breath.
Borrowed breath is that historical experience in one society is tried to be replicated or reproduced in other society.
So, he argued that for too long, the doctrine of socialism strived on the borrowed breath and lagged behind the ideology of both communism and capitalism.
So, from communism, socialism had taken the economic aims of planned economy or social ownership or mass production and from capitalism, it developed its general concerns say democracy, freedom and peace.
Many people have this kind of blending in socialism and when they talk about socialism, they think of it as a kind of queer mixture of capitalism and communism that is blended together.
Lohia argued for a distinct and innovative.
conceptualization of socialism independent from both communism and capitalism.
And in this connection, his presidential speech at the Socialist Party Convention in 1952 at Panchamuri on the doctrinal foundation of socialism that becomes the basis of all his philosophy or politics in post-independent India till his death in 1967 is regarded as one of the finest political speech in post-independent India.
And in this speech, he criticized the prevailing ideological confusion in socialist party that oscillates between Nehruvian congress on the one hand and communist on the other.
He charted out a new and independent vision of socialism in India and he was very critical of the democratic socialism and asserted that socialism stood for a distinct idea that needed no prefix or suffix.
So, socialism was a kind of emerging force or a dominant, not as dominant perhaps as ideological forces, but it had the promise of providing the alternative to the domination of the congress party or the congress rule.
And Lohia was articulating about the possible method or the politics to achieve or to provide that alternative which will help in the democratization of state, polity, and society also.
Now, to do that, he wanted to have a kind of doctrinal clarity about the vision of socialism for long relied upon the borrowed ideas such as communism or capitalism and the queer mixture of that.
And also, in India, specifically, between the Nehruvian Congress which is also tilted towards the socialism or socialist reconstruction of society.
And this is also a point we need to recall that Nehru and Lohia was a close collaborator during the freedom struggle movement.
So, within the Congress, they were involved in the freedom struggle and they shared a lot of ideas about reconstruction of society.
or socialist ideals also.
So, this confusion Lohia believed is the major reason that obstruct the growth and the prospect of socialist party which also lead to a kind of serious differences with many other leaders like J.P. or many other socialist leaders and split in the socialist party.
But Lohia continued to practice his distinct understanding of socialism and socialism as a way forward for reconstruction of Indian society and he by and large succeeded.
enforcing that alignment of different forces and he also, influenced artists, writers and literary figures and shaped their ideas in many ways.
And in 1967, because of his premature death, there is a kind of betrayal also of Lohia ideals.
But he did provide organizational and ideological basis for the socialist movement and the socialist politics.
And he therefore, criticized both the democratic socialism or Nehruvian socialism and also, the communist ideas.
So, to realize his dream of socialism, Lohia argued from Saptakranti as I was referring to earlier.
The seven revolution is the basis for the realization of the socialism and the first principle of that.
Kranti's equality between men and women, against the political, economic and spiritual inequality based on color or race, for the destruction of caste, against foreign domination and democratic world government, for economic equality, plant production and against private property, against interference in private life and for democratic method and finally, against arms and weapons and for Satyagraha.
So, there is a kind of overall.
articulation about how to reconstruct a socialist society by achieving the seven revolution.
And that seven revolution is for him a kind of simultaneous struggle, not one after the other, but it should have a kind of holistic approach to reconstruct or transform the society.
So, Lohia developed his idea of socialism with special reference to the third world countries and he stated that economic aims proposed by both communism and capitalism is not applicable in the society or countries.
Although, it differs in the means, both communism and capitalism urges for large scale production through the use of technology and it demands a huge amount of capital which is not possible for the underdeveloped countries and the third world.
And the other point is there is less focus on the question of labor, alienation of labor, the control of labor over its product.
And the ownership is in capitalism with the individual, the private citizen or in the communism with the state.
But the structure of production or the mass production use of technology is something which is very similar in capitalism.
both modes of production.
And he therefore, realized that it is not helpful in creating the socialist society in the third world society.
So, therefore, these countries should develop their own method of socialism in accordance with the specificities of their context.
And Lohia himself proposed an alternative model of socialism which is decentralized in its nature, decentralized in terms of both in the use of technology and power.
And that comes the next theme in Lohia which is also called Chowkambaras.
This is about a kind of democratic imaginary in Lohia, where he talks about decentralization in technology by which he meant the use of small scale machinery and also, decentralization of power which is represented in the idea of four pillar of state or Chowkhamharaaj.
Chowkhamharaaj in Lohia is constitutive of four layers of power or the ownership with the village, the district, the province.
and the center.
So, these four layers are the way forward for the decentralization of power and ensuring maximum participation at different levels of governance.
So, he was not in favor of private property, but he was also, thought that the exclusive ownership of property in the hands of the center is equally harmful.
So, the concentration of wealth or the resources and therefore, he argued that property should be owned by the all these four pillars of state and not to be concentrated in the hands of the center.
So, there is a kind of democratization or decentralization of power and also, technology in Lohia's understanding of Chakambaras or that allow us to think about alternative imaginary of democracy, state and society in Lohia.
So, Lohia advocated constructive action and peaceful non-violent resistance, even collective disobedience.
against exploitation and injustice.
So, against all forms of violence, he was very critical of and that is the Gandhian influence.
And also, in this Chokkambaras, you see the influence of Gandhi in his idea about decentralization of power.
So, he provided the ideological and organizational basis of the realization of such ideals as I was arguing.
So, however, much of these ideals remain unrealized and betrayed even many of his followers and the political successor.
And even there has been for long a conspicuous silence about critically engaging with the ideas and writings of Lohia.
And now, therefore, is the time to revisit some of his ideals and writings to understand our society, the challenges it is facing of different kinds and not having necessary to reduce or give priority to one form of exploitation or oppression over the other.
So, there is a kind of holistic.
or intersectionalist approach to reconstruct the society as a whole and then to see its role in the larger global politics or its global role.
So, even in contemporary times, you find many scholars argue about one category and through that category, they try to interpret and explain Indian reality be it caste, class, gender, ethnicity, religion.
But in Lohia, you will find a kind of interconnections or dynamic interrelationship as the basis to understand the matrix of power that operates at different level of Indian society and polity.
And then how to challenge, how to confront such power dynamics that is there in the Lohia.
One of the strong message that comes out of his approach is the democratization of all sphere of life including strengthening or empowering the women or the backward classes.
So, focus on the preferential treatment of backward classes is to reconstruct a society as a whole to make it more just and equal.
And that is something which we can further develop or requires engagement with his writings.
So, that is all on this lecture on caste, class and socialism.
And you can refer to some of these works like Caste, System or Marx Gandhian Socialism by Ramanujan Lohia.
And also, Understanding Lohiaís Political Sociology, Intersectionality of Caste, Class, Gender and Language by Anand Kumar.
And also, by A. Apartharay, recent socialist thought in India and some of these works like in Lohiaís contribution to socialist politics in India by K. Sivarag.
And also, Raja Ram Talpadi, context, discourse and vision of Lohiaís socialism and Lohiaís socialism and underdogs perspective by Sachidananda Sinha.
And also, Lohiaís quest for an autonomous socialism by Adi H. Doctor which you can refer to understand some of the themes we have discussed in this lecture.
So, thank you for your listening and that is all for todayís lecture.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends.
to this third and the concluding lecture on Mahatma Gandhi.
In previous two lectures, we have discussed his thought on non-violence, Sarvodaya, Satyagraha, passive resistance and also, his critique to modern civilization.
In this lecture, on the first half, we are going to discuss his dreams about future of India or what we can also call his vision of India or his dreams of future India.
So, the first part of.
today's lecture, we will discuss his dreams of India, his vision of future India.
And in the second half of this lecture, we will try to critique or try to critically evaluate some of his thought and ideas while looking at his debates with say, Ravindra Tagore or B. R. Ambedkar and many other contemporary modern Indian thinkers.
as well and what is the relevance of Gandhian thought and that is how we are going to conclude today's lecture.
So, to begin with his views on and his dreams about future India, for Gandhi, India was not something as a Bhog Bhoomi or what we can also call a land for mere enjoyment.
For Gandhi, India was a Karmabhoomi, a land of duty.
where it requires your contribution, your activities, your involvement in transforming India.
So, for Gandhi, India was not a land for mere enjoyment, but a land of duty which requires responsibility, the commitment to the transformation of the degrading or the colonized status of our polity.
and its influence on our society or culture or the degrading status of different section of Indian society.
So, for Gandhi, the goal, the objective was not just to attain political freedom, but also, transform India socially, politically, economically by empowering the marginalized, the suppressed or the excluded communities of India.
So, for Gandhi, therefore, the whole idea of politics which for him, was to be a political was revolving around truth or non-violence was to transform the society, to make it a better society for those who are marginalized, suppressed and empower them, to enable them to govern themselves.
So, with that objective in mind, Gandhi thought of India as a karmahumi, as in land of duty and he, all his life.
performed this duty through his practices of non-violence.
So, that is something very uniquely original in modern political movement in any country and Gandhi, Gandhi provided that moral and ethical leadership for freedom struggle and also, for transforming society, economics, culture and polity by empowering the masses, the marginalized.
So, any of your opinion.
India has something unique in its character which it sustained or maintained by retaining the ancient institution.
So, many civilizations were destroyed, but India survived because of its capacity or withstand the shock which was coming in different forms of invasion and accommodate them in its own cultural civilizational ethos.
So, India has that unique characteristic of retaining the ancient institutions, but also, it is able to accommodate or resolve or remove some of the superstitions which were emerging or which came out of such ancient institutions.
So, certainly, the practices of untouchability or caste discrimination, gender discrimination and other kind of operations and ritualization of whole religion.
So, Gandhi was aware of the capacity of India while retaining the ancient culture also, to remove some of the superstitions which were emerging.
was related to such institution.
And the spiritual purification which India underwent from time to time, Gandhi thought will enable India to provide the leadership to the world in the fields of non-violent struggle and the peaceful resolution of conflict.
So, India's uniquely, civilizational strength or heritage of spiritual purification will enable India and place it in a unique position, where it can provide the leadership role in terms of resolving the conflict.
through non-violent or peaceful.
And at that way, we see how Gandhi is applicable or relevant not just to India, but also, to many other countries certainly Nelson Mandela or Martin Luther King, we have discussed in the previous lecture.
So, if you look at the comparison between India and the West, we find that Ravindra Tagore in his essay, Society and State makes a distinction between state and society.
and considered the society which is associated with Indian civilization and state which is a more kind of instrumental power, mechanical power or concentration of violence, he associated with a British civilization.
Vivekananda too said for similar arguments about society and state, Gandhi accepted distinction between state and society and further elaborated it in the inherent dichotomy between a spiritual and the moral nature of Indian society on the one hand.
and the politically, corrupt and violent manifestation of the European society.
So, Gandhi also, accepted along with Tagore or Vivekananda, this distinction between state and society and firmly, asserted the moral and the ethical nature of Indian society on the one hand or politically, corrupt and violent manifestations of European society.
And therefore, he makes a distinction between Indian civilization, Indian society, Indian moral, ethical characteristic on the one hand and how it can help in regenerating India from the colonial rule or from other kind of operations and suppression and how it can also lead in the moral and ethical regeneration of the humanity, not just India also.
And there, he wanted West or European society to learn from India.
That is the leadership position, he wanted India to undertake.
He even described all western political power resembling a brute force.
So, I hope you remember the distinction we have made between brute force which is physical force, material force and the sole force.
And for Gandhi, sole force is the ultimate most powerful force on the earth and he equated the western political power and the violence that it was or is capable of.
with a brute force.
And while depicting Indian society of ancient society of India, he wrote that the political institution and power was inferior to the ethical principles and people had an independent life in villages free from the coercion of the state.
So, the way Indian village society or Indian villages was able to govern itself in maintaining some kind of distance or autonomy from the government or the state or the impetus.
or the political authority of the day.
Gandhi believed and rightly so, that the basis of Indian rule or Indian system of governance is the moral and the ethical principle which binds both the ruler and the ruled together.
So, unlike, western European society, where state represents brute force, for Gandhi, Indian society, where the political institution and power.
was also, subjected to or in other words, inferior to the ethical principles.
So, what we call the dharma, the notion of dharma in India is not just about religion, but it is about the righteousness or the duties and responsibility of different sections, different authorities, different institutions and they were all governed by that.
particular ethical, moral responsibilities of the institution.
So, in a sense, the ethical principles were considered higher than the brute, than these political institutions and the power.
And people then in that kind of scenario were able to lead a relatively independent and autonomous life unlike the modern state which tries to govern every sphere of individual life and Gandhi was very skeptical of that kind of state.
And he therefore, did not want India to follow or imitate the western model of governance or state.
So, he continued to maintain his idea of the waste as politically corrupt where concentration of power and violence, Gandhi was very critical of and scared of such concentration as it leads to suppression of individual and his or her creativity which for Gandhi was the basis of all progress or the development.
And therefore, he was very critical of the concentration of power at any level.
and talk about more decentralization of power, village republics or Ram Raj, bottom up flow of power rather than top down flow.
So, for Gandhi, the West remains a kind of politically corrupt civilization and this continued in his later writings as well.
And therefore, he was very critical of and skeptical of following the West in Indian context also.
So, while we discussed this critique of modern civilization, we have discussed that capacity of modern civilization.
to harm the soul force or the spiritual side of humanity was tremendous even when even where it is originated that is in the West and European.
But if it is blindly imitated and followed in Indian context, then its capacity to do harm become far more worse and therefore, he always cautioned and reminded Indian leaders and his followers.
or his countrymen not to follow the or blindly follow the path of modern western civilization.
And he went on to argue that India can adopt the brute force or the force of the weapon, but it will only offer a momentary victory.
So, immediate victory can be achieved by adopting the brute force or the force of weapon.
Then there will be no pride of India left for Gandhi.
In his opinion, the hour when she adopts the path of violence will be the hour of trial for him.
So, the way Gandhi thought about and argued about the essential or the essential nature of Indian society and culture, where he finds non-violence or truth as the manifestation of such character or it naturally, fit with the Indian context.
So, he wanted India to follow the path of non-violence in pursuit of truth.
And that is the ultimate objective of individual or the collective life and that way, he wanted India to provide the global leadership as well.
So, as he was historically, situated and there was argument for using violence certainly, by many revolutionaries and justification of violence in the name of freedom movement and struggle for independence, Gandhi thought that India can attain that momentary or immediate victory by resorting or by adopting this.
brute force or the force of the weapon.
But for him, when India adopts such force, that will be the hour of trial and he will have no pride in India.
So, he takes pride in India precisely, because of its inherent non-violent nature and search after truth.
And he further stated if India makes violence her creed and I have survived, I would not care to live in India.
So, for him, India is inherently a non-violent country and that gives it a unique space.
So, she will cease to evoke any pride in me.
My patriotism is subservient to my religion.
I cling to India like a child to its mother breast because I feel that she gives me the spiritual nourishment I need.
She has the environment that responds to my highest inspiration.
When that faith is gone, I shall feel like an orphan.
without hope of ever finding a guardian.
So, that is how he connect to India and think of India, where the pride that he takes from India was because of its non-violent creed and search after truth.
And this spiritual nourishment or condition to achieve the highest ambitions of life according to Gandhi is possible only in such condition.
But if India adopt the violence path or that.
violence becomes its creed, then for Gandhi, there is no place where he can get such a spiritual nourishment and attain the highest objective of non-violence and truth.
So, while speaking on the appropriateness of sole force for India, Gandhi said, India is less in need of steel weapons, it has fought with divine weapons, it can still do so.
Other nations have been votaries of brute force mainly, referring to European and modern.
states, the terrible war going on in the Europe furnishes a forcible illustration of the truth.
India can win all by soul force.
History supplies numerous instances to prove that brute force is as nothing before soul force.
Poets have sung about it and seers have described their experiences.
So, Gandhi again, justifying the use and the relevance of soul force not just for those who are using it as a tool for their attainment of objectives, but also, against whom it is used.
And in that way, it will transform the relationship between oppressor and the oppressed and there will be the possibility of compassion or mutual cooperation and love between the opposites.
So, a sole force for Gandhi was something, which historically, proved as everlasting, more powerful than the brute force, which can lead to destruction and perhaps, the destruction of the world.
may be immediate or momentary victories.
But for the long term or to have a kind of sustained influence or effect, the sole force remains the supreme power for Gandhi.
And therefore, he wanted India to not to fall in the trap of this brute force and in this accumulation or acquiring of the weapons or that can enable it militarily, strengthen it militarily.
But the sole force, if it is lost, then India can perhaps, in according to Gandhi will never recover or cut itself off from its own strength or civilizational heritage.
So, Gandhi wanted India to be independent and strong so that she can engage herself in the mission of betterment of the world and that is the point we have discussed in previous lecture.
So, unlike Tagore for whom the Indian nation, national struggle or nationalism and he discarded all forms of nationalism including Indian form and yet, he remained patriotic for Gandhi.
If India has to play a role in the global community of nation, it must attain independence.
So, that is the political articulation of Indian context and why the struggle for freedom or political freedom from the British rule is immediate and necessary for India to play a larger role in the world to in its betterment.
And the justification of sole force is not the weapon of the weak or the coward as we have discussed.
The sole force is the weapon of the strongest or those who are willingly, voluntarily ready to sacrifice their life for their cause and Satyagraha, we have discussed.
So, in that way, he wanted India to be morally, politically strong and independent to play the larger role in the betterment of the world.
So, however, while glorifying India and its civilization, Gandhi did not say that there is nothing to be learnt from the… western countries.
And wisdom does not belong to a particular continent or race, but it also does not mean that the Asian countries need to imitate the west in every aspect.
Gandhiji believed in the inherent potential of India in offering an ideal of peace and progress to the world.
So, while he believed in the inherent strength or the soul force or the ethical moral stand of India and that way, he communicated the Indian position to the British opinion in the Britain and also, in America or North America and mobilized the world opinion in support of liberation struggle or freedom struggle.
freedom struggle in India.
So, Gandhi, while acknowledging the capacity of India also, acknowledged the requirement to learn from the other countries including the modern west which is positive.
But he was against the blind or the imitation of that civilization, that practices of doctors, lawyers, parliament and other things we have discussed in every aspect of Indian life or Asian countries.
And that way, Gandhi was the first to acknowledge anti-colonial thinker as well.
So, Gandhi was very confident about Indiaís capacity or Indiaís potential to offer the ideal of peace and progress to the world without resorting to violence of all kind that was happening during the 20th century.
And the first half of the 20th century have seen two world wars and the rise of Nazism and Fascism, which lead to unimaginable organized destruction.
of human life and property.
So, in that situation, he thought India can provide a moral and ethical leadership for world progress through peaceful method.
So, Indiaís destiny is not with the western way of bloody war, but in living the peaceful path which emanates from a life of simplicity and divinity, she must not lose her soul and resist any temptation to imitate the ways.
So, we have the modernizing elites in India.
which tried to modernize Indian society, politics and economy.
They were thinking of reconstructing Indian society and polity in a very different way than Gandhi.
Gandhi was a kind of reassertion of Indian ethos of simplicity and divinity and how that can help to retain the sole force and he cautioned that one should resist.
any temptation to imitate the West because of the captivating force of modernity and the promises of civilization.
But Gandhiji was very clear that modern civilization can at the best promise to provide bodily comfort, but even it failed there miserably, it cannot solve all the problem of material needs of all the sections of society.
It can provide that to few.
So, even it.
its promises to provide bodily comfort is miserably failed.
So, he wanted Indian leaders and his countrymen to understand the trap of modern civilization and resist such temptation which compromises or which obstruct their connection with the soul force.
So, he said that the European civilization is suited to its people, but not to India and attempts to blindly copying it will result in its ruin.
So, but the same time, one should be ready to adopt the good in it.
On the part of Europeans, they should be open to renounce the evils present in it, that is the inherent corruption in their polity.
So, Gandhiji criticized the West for its never-ending search for material comforts which is making them mere slaves.
Upholding the principle of plain living and high thinking, he stated the necessity of Europeans to remodel their vision of constant pursuit of material benefits.
or to connect with the larger ideals of life to their soul to the highest ambitions in life.
So, for Gandhi, the vision of future India was a spiritually enlightened society through the process of self-purification.
So, the Swaraj is not just about political freedom, but also, about developing the capacity to govern oneself.
The self is very crucial for Gandhi and the whole society can be spiritually emancipated.
So, this kind of society for Gandhi will be an egalitarian society without any discrimination.
based on either caste, class, gender or any such divisions and all the persons regardless of their economic status will have an equal say in the polity.
So, the participation in the decision which affects the collective life should be open to everyone and at the same time, women and male will enjoy the equal status in the society and there should be no practices of untouchability in future India.
So, Gandhi envisioned a kind of egalitarian society and polity, where there is no discrimination based on class, caste or gender and there is no therefore, any practices of caste based discrimination such as untouchability or gender based discrimination.
So, as a political system, India will be decentralized to the utmost level.
Villages will be, villages will work as independent self-sufficient society to the overall progress of the country.
So, they again, they focus on individual, the small and the autonomy of them to control their life and to participate in the decisions which affect their life is something which Gandhi defines through this idea of decentralization.
So, he envisioned his dream of India through this word that the Swaraj of my or our dream recognizes no race or religious destinations nor is it to be monopoly of the lettered persons nor yet of moneyed men.
Swaraj is to be for all including the farmer, but empathetically, including the meyand, the blind, the starving twiling millions.
We should wipe away.
tears from every eye and that becomes the crucial objective when Jawaharlal Nehru presented his famous speech, Trish with destiny.
So, to wipe away tears from each eye becomes the national, national objective of free India.
So, the economy, so, we attain the political freedom, but that was not sufficient.
The next and necessary step after attainment of political freedom was to wipe away tears from every eye.
In other words, social and economic regeneration and transformation of India.
So, Swaraj again is not limited to the later class or those who have money, but it must be applicable to all including the farmers, the meyams or the saprish, the blind or the starving, toiling millions.
So, for Gandhiji, the criteria for judging the effectiveness or the necessity of any policy is that whether it is empowering these starving, twirling millions of India or not that becomes the judgment, that becomes the criteria to judge the effectiveness or the desirability of any public policy.
So, Gandhi further, writes that I shall strive for a constitution which will release India from all thralldom and patronage and give her if need be the right to sin.
Thralldom or patronage is something which he discarded, criticized and wanted India to have the right even right to sin.
So, I shall work for an India in which there shall be no high class and low class of people, an India in which all communities shall live in perfect harmony.
There can be no room in such an India for the curse of untouchability or the curse of intoxicating drinks and drugs.
Women will enjoy the same rights as men.
Since we shall not be at peace with all the rest of the world exploiting nor being exploited, We should have the smallest army imaginable.
All interest not in conflict with the interest of the dumb millions will be scrupulously respected, whether foreign or indigenous.
Personally, I hate distinction between foreign and indigenous.
This is the India of my dreams.
I shall be satisfied with nothing less.
So, the kind of India he dreamed was India, where there is no high class or low class.
on the basis of their economic position.
And India, all community lived in perfect harmony and not in segmented classified status.
And in such India, where communities live in perfect harmony, there will be no curse of untouchability or the intoxicating effects of drinks and drugs and women and men will enjoy the same rights.
Now, he wanted India not to be part of the exploiting or being exploited.
and hence, maintain the smallest army.
So, that is the practical part of Gandhian thinking, where he was supported of non-violent, but willing to have such measures such as standing military to protect the national boundary or the nation from any invasions.
So, he wanted a smallest army and the interest which is not in conflict with the interest of dumb millions should be respected.
Now, whether it is foreign and indigenous Gandhian personally, he is not bothered about such policies or practices and he wanted India to be such where there is this harmony and absence of, absence of peace.
So, that is basically, about his views on India of his dreams.
Now, if you look at some of the criticism of Gandhi, we find that the most renowned leader of national movement Gandhiji worked equally, for the social economic reforms in the country.
His spiritual, effective and down to earth personality made him dear to all sections of society and this we will discuss, when we read a quote from Sarojini Naidu.
So, after this famous trial speech of 1923 or 1922.
I will just check, yeah it is 1922.
So, after that trial speech, the effect Gandhiji had not just on his followers, but also, the countrymen or the judges or the administration.
So, Gandhiji occupied the space in the hearts and minds of people because of his own personal life and simplicity and leading through his own examples and following intimately in his own personal life.
So, Gandhi did play a very significant role in our freedom struggle and provided the moral and ethical leadership from 1920s till India attained independence.
But Gandhiji was equally involved in the social and economic reforms in the society which is called positive or constructive programs in Gandhian society.
So, Gandhian vocabulary, especially, from 1930s, 30s onwards, Charaka, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, Charkha, and disciplining and other things are part of or small industries are part of such social and economic reforms.
His living with the untouchables or the horizons is also a part of such social reforms.
So, Gandhiji was involved in the social and economic reforms including the political struggle for freedom.
So, although being the most popular leaders of Indian national movement, he was not the undisputed one and there is many differences and critique to his ideals and political method.
So, his political vision was greatly challenged by many of his contemporary including Subhash Chandra Bose, M N Roy offered distinctive alternative to his ideals of Satyagraha.
And challenges to his ideas of Varanashram came from B R Ambedkar which we will discuss in a minute and these ideals or critique.
of Gandhiís ideals of Varanashram comes through his powerful book which is called What Congress and Gandhi Have Done to the Untouchables and also, The Annihilation of Caste.
In these two books, B. R. Ambedkar articulated his response to the Gandhiji justification of Varanashram Dharma and also, the politics of the Congress.
So, the freedom struggle in the beginning was divided into two directions.
One was for the political reforms and the other was the social religious reforms.
And till 1920ís, the government was not able So, these movements were held simultaneously, these conferences for political freedom and also, for social reforms were held simultaneously.
In fact, the beginning of Indian renaissance so called is to begin with the religious and the social reforms movement whether it is abolition of Sati or the widow remarriage or the emancipation of women or Arya Samaj, Brahma Samaj.
So, they were all about social religious reforms movement.
But suddenly, after 1920s, political freedom was abolished.
took the priority over social and religious reforms and Ambedkar and many other thinkers were very critical of such positions.
So, the other challenges to Gandhijiís ideals of communal harmony comes from Muslim League which continuously, insisted on getting a separate nation for the Muslims in India.
And Hindu extremist groups equally, stood against him which also, led to his assassination by Nathuram Godse on 30th January 1948.
So, Gandhiji was very open to criticism.
And he was perhaps, the greatest leader, but not the undisputed one and there was many sets or many strands of opinions and alternatives to Gandhian ideals when he was providing the moral leadership.
And of course, he remains the greatest and tallest of them, yet there were many other ideals or political methods which were simultaneously in existence and they were very critical of many programs and ideals of Gandhiji.
So, these responses to Gandhiji varies from appreciative analysis to blatant condemnation.
However, his ideas remains indispensable in discussions on Indian politics.
That is the power and the relevance of Gandhiji and his thought and his political activities, where you have a range of responses to his ideals and political activities which may be appreciative in nature, but it may also outright condemnation of the whole politics.
So, we have seen Muslim League and extreme right-wing thinkers like Savarkar.
and Nathuram, activist like Nathuram Godse.
So, they were having strong disagreements and condemnation of Gandhian ideals of Acharkha or his politics of non-violence.
So, Gandhiji did face the criticism in his times, when he was acting upon and thinking about some of these ideals itself.
So, to begin with, from appreciative then to the more critical, responses to Gandhiji, we can find Jawaharlal Nehru who was kind of very intimate and loyal supporter of Gandhiji and his programs.
And that comes with their bonding for political independence of India and compassion for the poor which binds them together and the method of politics that Gandhiji articulated and projected Jawaharlal Nehru intimately, associated himself with such politics.
But in some other aspects, they resemble polar opposites.
While for Gandhi, religion meant everything, Nehru did not give it such a dominant place in his life especially, in the politics and the state he envisioned.
So, for Gandhiji, religion, ethics, morality is something which is essential.
But for Nehru, such thing is not really as important in the kind of politics or the state for India he was envisioning.
Non-violent and simple living was for Gandhiji and in .
themselves.
But Nehru considered them only as a practical means during freedom struggle.
To attain the freedom, this means and ends the simplicity that Gandhiji promoted and envisioned was desirable for attaining the political independence, enthusing strength or mobilizing the suppressed or marginalized masses.
But for Nehru, India must transform itself militarily, politically, economically and also materially.
as much as perhaps spiritually.
So, in the case of their imagining of future India too, they were very distinct.
While Gandhiji envisioned a decentralized India of self-sufficient villages, Nehru hoped for a strong instrumental state to bring about social and economic transformations.
Nehru was supportive of a centralized planning and mixed economy.
So, after Gandhiji, that Nehru did play very significant role in shaping the institutions and the politics of modern India which we will discuss when we will discuss Walal Nehru.
But here, one can also see the difference between two of the greatest leaders perhaps of modern India in their vision of polity, state and future India.
Now, this is the quotation which I wanted to tell you about what was the place of Gandhiji in Indian psyche.
So, Sarojini Naidu had a lifetime association with Gandhiji and she joined in Satyagraha and shared with him the passion.
unchanged in the hearts of his people who are both the heirs and the stewards of his matchless dreams and his matchless.
So, the Gandhian status was deeply embedded in the hearts and minds of Indian people and that cannot be taken away by incarnating the person of Gandhiji.
Similarly, Bal Gangadhar Tilak despite of his admiration for Gandhiji and his deeds had disagreements with Gandhijiís ideals of purity of means.
Tilak argues that Politics is a game of worldly people and not of sadhus and instead of the maxim overcome anger by loving kindness, evil by good as preached by Buddha.
I that means, Tilak prefer to rely on the maxim of Shri Krishna in what whatsoever any come to me in that same way, I grant them favour.
So, Bal Gangadhar Tilak, the necessity of end means is to attain the ends and ends justify the means and not the means which justify the ends as for Gandhiji.
And Tilak wanted his defence of Varanashram Dharma and many of his spiritual and mysterious statement.
So, Gandhi and Tagore both believed in the need of spiritual regeneration of India.
Their differences were in the perception of power.
Gandhiji regarded power being of two kinds brute force and the sole force and that we have discussed why he justified sole force over the brute force.
So, he despised the former that is brute force and the later that his sole force is celebrated in his thought and politics, but for Tagore, he did not like He was suspicious of any form of power.
In his own words, power in all its form is irrational.
It is like the horse that drags the carriage blindfolded.
So, for Tagore, the complete freedom or freedom from fear of all kind is necessary for individual creativity to grow and that can lead to a better society, more empowered society and the way he envisioned society.
But for Gandhiji, he was not.
So, the power can be divided into two brute force and the sole force and sole force is desirable, sole force and the power of sole force is desirable for Gandhiji techniques of politics.
And on Tagore and Gandhi, we have discussed in our lecture on Tagore also, which you can also refer to understand some of the similarities and also the differences.
between the two greatest minds of modern India.
Now, about Gandhiji and Ambedkar, there is a very strange relationship between these two thinkers and they continue to shape the actual practical politics of our post-independent time for and it will continue to be relevant in our political discourse.
So, especially, on this issue of caste, untouchability and Varanasi Rama Dharma, these two leaders differ from each other and vehemently opposed each other and at the same time, respecting each other also.
So, one of the political history is that while Ambedkar critically challenged many of his ideas and articulation about untouchability and caste discrimination, he was also, respectful of Gandhijiís and his role.
And Gandhi, when he was giving counsel to the forming of first interim government, said ñ supported to Ambedkarís nomination as the first law minister and his role in the drafting of Indian constitution.
So, both leaders while opposing each other, critiquing each other also, acknowledges the contribution and the expertise of each other also.
So, here, we will discuss only about their views on Varanashrama Dharma and the caste practices.
So, in the context of Varanashrama, Ambedkar was the strongest critique of Gandhiji and the congress and Gandhiji regarded Varanashrama as the essential system.
of social divisions of labour which helps in social functioning and stability.
So, Gandhiji, although he despised the practices of untouchability, he had no problem with the Varnashram system.
So, Gandhiji, in his understanding of Indian society thought of Varnashram Dharma as a kind of system of division of labour.
So, he was critical of untouchability, he wanted to abolish untouchability or practices of untouchability, but he was justifying or with the continuance of Varanashram system.
Ambedkar regarded the reorganization of Indian society on the principle of Varanashram as not only impossible, but also harmful.
And he considered the caste system as the factor which ruined Hindu or Hinduism and urge for a society based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity which is a very modern ideas of living an egalitarian life or in a egalitarian society.
Now, criticizing Gandhi, Ambedkar writes that as defined by Mahatma, Varna becomes merely a different name for caste for the simple reason that it is the same in the essence, namely, pursuit of ancestral calling word.
I am sure that all his confusion is due to the fact that the Mahatma has no definite and clear conception as to what is Varna and what is caste and as to the necessity of either for the conservation of Hinduism.
He has said and one hopes that he will not find some mystic reasons to change his view that caste is not the essence of Hinduism.
Does he regard Varna as the essence of Hinduism?
One cannot as yet give any categorical answers.
So, how to abolish the caste and what is the relationship between caste and Varna Ashram, Varna Ashram system and how it can, how it is the basis.
of Hinduism and harming the Hindu religion, Ambedkar wanted the both these practices of Varnashrama Dharma or casteism to be made unlawful.
And therefore, and that is also connected with the scriptural sanction of these practices of caste and Varnashrama, according to Ambedkar.
Gandhiji thought of it as a practices which developed later.
and it has no sanction in the scriptures or in antics.
And Varnasrama Dharma, therefore, is something which is justifiable, which is based on the division of labour and it has nothing to do with the caste practice discrimination or untouchability.
But for Ambedkar, that both are same and without abolishing the both, one cannot really discriminate the other and it sustains each other.
So, he has very strong opposition to Gandhiji's views on caste and in fact, he unwillingly compromised with Gandhiji in Pune pact when there is separate communal award to the oppressed caste of India.
And finally, he, we will discuss while we will discuss Ambedkar, finally, he changed his religion or converted from Hinduism to Hinduism.
to Buddhism to create a society which is based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
So, now, finally, if we look at the complicated relationship between Savarkar and Gandhi, we find they share a very complicated relationship.
And Savarkar writes that the exit from Indian world of a powerful personality like Lokmanya Tilak usurped in the mad intoxication of Khilafat agitation conspiring with cult of Charkha.
as a way of Swaraj in one year.
It is to be won by the perverse doctrine of non-violence and truth.
The non-cooperation movement for Swaraj based on these twin principles was a movement without power and was born to destroy the power of the country.
It is an illusion, a hallucination not unlike the hurricane that sweeps over a land only to destroy it.
It is a disease of insanity and epidemic.
and megalomania.
So, Savarkar was strong critic of Gandhian principles which he considered as unmanly or which take away the power of the country in this illusionary hallucination kind of ideas about non-violence and truth.
So, we have seen different critic starting from most appreciative, yet differencing or distancing himself.
between Gandhi and Nehru to someone between Tagore and Gandhi, but also, between Ambedkar, Gandhi and Savarkar and Gandhi.
So, Gandhiji remains a kind of tallest leader and yet, faced all the criticism during his lifetime and afterwards as well.
So, Gandhiji was the ardent supporter of independence of India and he stressed social reforms as a means to achieve it.
but his approach was essentially individualistic.
So, in Gandhian Oceanic Circle, we have discussed how individual is at the centre of all his philosophy.
He regarded individual transformation and why achieving Swaraj, he said that Swaraj is in our palms and we can have it as and when we want it.
And the way to have it or to achieve it is by stopping to cooperate with the oppressor or with the rulers.
So, the whole idea of non-cooperation with the British and that way, one can achieve.
achieve the Swaraj.
So, he regarded the individual transformation as the basic prerequisite of the transformation in the nation and that he writes to related to his nephew which he said please do not carry unnecessarily on your head the burden of emancipating India.
Emancipate your own self, even that burden is very great.
Apply everything to yourself, nobility of soul consists in realizing that you are yourself India.
in your emancipation is the emancipation of India.
So, Gandhiji, very radically, inverse the whole struggle for Swaraj which is not something as an objective ought there and beyond the biological and the physical expense of individual.
He simultaneously, associate the individual with India and India with the individual.
So, with the emancipation of individual lies the emancipation of India, with the attainment of Swaraj to govern oneself lies the attainment of Swaraj.
Swaraj for India.
So, for Gandhiji, this individual remains at the centre of his philosophy.
So, finally, to conclude, what we find is that Gandhi and his ideals were open to criticism in his lifetime and are so even in contemporary times.
So, unlike many other thinkers and their followers, you see, famously, Ramachandra Guha said that the followers are followers of Shivaji, will not listen to.
anything that is against or negative about Shivaji.
Followers of Ambedkar will not listen to anything that is negative about Ambedkar.
But Gandhiji has the follower, is relevant for many movements and the leaders even in contemporary times and yet is open and subject to all kind of criticism that is perhaps, the greatest and unique characteristic of Gandhiji and his ideals and why it is difficult to fit him in any particular.
So, he was open to criticism in his lifetime and also, even in contemporary times and yet, he remains perhaps, one of the greatest leaders of modern India whose ideals have shaped not only the politics and society in India, but also, many political leaders including Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King, we have seen and various social political movements including environmental movements in many countries in the world.
So, Gandhiji and his ideals continue to be relevant and indispensable for any discourse on politics.
politics in even in contemporary India.
So, on this lecture, you can refer to some of these books like India of my dreams by Mahatma Gandhi and also, the great trial speech by Mahatma Gandhi in 1922 and these other texts, you have seen in some of the previous lecture also which you can refer to for this lecture.
So, thank you very much for listening.
Let us know what you think about this lecture and we will be happy to respond you.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome everyone.
In this lecture today, we are going to discuss Swami Vivekananda, his life philosophy and the way he tried to revitalize Indian life.
So, through the works and writings of Swami Vivekananda, we will focus more on his ideas about revitalization of Indian life.
So, he was a sanyasi, a renouncer, a traveller including India or abroad.
and was also a deeply spiritual person and considered as a religious and a spiritual guru of modern India.
And he remains one of the very significant figure in terms of conceptualizing modern Indian political condition and how to improve the degraded or degenerated status of Indian masses.
So, in Vivekananda and his philosophy, we find almost simultaneously, two contradictory strengths of politics or activism or thinking present simultaneously.
On the one hand, he was deeply engaged with Vedic texts or Vedanta or Hinduism, revival of Hinduism and the spiritual search or search for truth and also, the experience or realization of God or divine in each one of us.
So, on the one hand, he has this urge of spiritual experience or attainments and on the other hand, he was deeply engaged with Vedanta or deeply and emotionally, attached with the condition or material economic condition of the masses.
And he wanted to uplift those masses to revitalize the Indian nation or that he wanted to do through the spiritual side of the human being or the individual.
So, the spirituality which he considered.
as the basis for the regeneration of nation including India and also, to enable the possible or the cordial relationship between East and the West or other religions.
So, the spirituality, he defines not in a narrow religious sense of the term, but something which is broader, something which enables the man to connect with the larger self or the supreme self.
So, this kind of thought, we have.
examine and discuss when we have discussed Rabindranath Tagore, Aravind Duggos and to some extent, in Raja Ram Mohan Roy also.
So, Vivekananda, represent that tradition and he in a way, was influenced by Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his approach to religion, spirituality and also, the scientific and rational.
articulation of religion, spirituality or the human dignity and the rule of freedom of priests, liberty and etcetera.
So, Vivekananda was influenced to a great extent by the thought of Ram Mohan Roy and he considered him as the most pragmatic modern political thinkers of India and the father of Indian renaissance.
So, in Vivekananda and his thought, we will find all strengths and that becomes a challenge when.
So, you have selective interpretation of Vivekananda by different schools of political thought be it conservative to radical to Marxist to the socialist and many others.
So, Vivekananda is open to different kind of interpretation because of this involvement and engagement with different and often contradictory issues and concerns in his life.
So, he is not just a spiritual religious leader, but he was a… sympathetic or very actively involved in the revival or improving the political, material and economic condition of the masses.
And at the same time, he is considered as the prophet of Indian nationalism.
Many scholars argue because of his belief or faith in the revival of India and that can lead to the spiritual enlightenment of the world as a whole.
So, he wanted India to assert.
as an independent country based on this spiritual, a spiritual side of its existence or its identity.
And that can be the solid basis on which Indian nation can emerge and assert its independence and human can attain or realize one's dignity.
So, Vivekananda's philosophy is in different directions.
We are going to focus more on what he has to say on religion and more so, how religion and spirituality can be.
be the basis of Indian nation and how India can revitalize itself.
So, that is the focus of our lecture through Vivekananda.
To begin with, we can understand his political or philosophical standing through this quotation by sister Nivedita, where she writes that he was not politicians, he was greatest of nationalists.
So, politics in a sense, for Vivekananda, the way it was practiced was something, which merely as a talk or something which do not really help in the improvement or empowerment of the common masses.
And he wanted to ensure and wanted to resolve or provide solution which will help in the improvement of the material condition of the large number of masses, not a kind of very limited group of people engaged in merely.
talk or discussion about the condition of the masses.
So, in that sense, he considered himself not as a politician or politics, he considered something narrowly defined as a nonsense which does not really lead to improvement of the masses.
So, he wanted the empowerment of the masses and that he wanted to do through this a spiritual or religious assertion or igniting of the divine presence in each one of the millions of Indians.
So, therefore, his or his nationality was Indian.
So, he was deeply disturbed by the experiences he had while he was travelling length and breadth of the nation meeting its a particular section of people well-off and prosperous, but the millions of masses living in sub-human condition and that becomes something which he wanted to resolve.
And for that masses to fight against the British, fight against the oppression of any kind that can happen only through the spiritual regeneration of the masses.
So, we will discuss this point more.
So, in his thought, you see him as a greatest of the nationalist and yet, he was a spiritual and the religious leader.
Vivekananda was one of the foremost nation builders of India and his ideas greatly influenced many nationalist leaders including Tagore, Nehru, Gandhi and even in contemporary politics, you see many.
politician taking inspiration from Vivekananda and his writings and especially, for the youth of India, Vivekananda remains an icon or a source of inspiration to solve the multitude of problems and challenges that India is facing in contemporary times.
So, since the very beginning, Vivekananda become a kind of icon or a youth icon for many generations including many nationalists.
leaders.
And therefore, he is considered also as a prophet of Indian nationalism.
He gave the philosophic or the spiritual basis or sound basis of Indian, Indian nationhood or nationalism.
He was a modern figure and why he was a unique leader or thinker precisely, because when he is tackling modern challenges that India was facing, he did it through the connection.
through the deep engagement with the pre-modern or traditional spiritual Indian civilization.
And that becomes the source of his articulation, his understanding of Indian nationalism and that is the way, he connect with the masses.
So, one of the interpretation in Vivekananda was that the religion and religiosity is vital for Indians from their birth to the age of to their death.
And without understanding that religiosity, one cannot understand Indian society, Indian religion or Indian way of life.
And therefore, he wanted to reignite that religiosity or understanding of religious practices devoid of many evil practices that has happened like idol worship or temple or whatever.
So, for him, religion and religiosity is more a spirit rather than its form or theories however, beautiful or contemplative that may be.
So, Vivekananda connect with the… traditional Indian self through his reinterpretation of Vedanta or Advaita Vedanta which is also called practical Vedanta or new Vedanta which we will discuss.
So, in that sense, Vivekananda gave the philosophical basis of Indian nationalism and he continued to inspire many generations of national leaders including many leaders in contemporary India.
So, in his thought first.
He believed that movement and change were signs of life and stillness is a sign of death or decadence.
So, he emphasized on fresh interpretation of tradition to face the new world with new social and political requirements.
That is the kind of intellectual, philosophical contribution of Vivekananda which he wanted to do by connecting or reconnecting with the traditional past.
and re-interpreting it in a way which enables the country, the community to face the present or the challenges of present new world.
And so, do through challenging or through changing oneself and not by remaining stagnant or still.
So, for him, the change or the movement is the sign of life for any society or any community.
And stillness or stillness is the sign of death.
He wanted India to change.
He wanted India to revive itself to face the modern challenges.
The second is he believed that the change has to come in the minds of the men first to change the world.
So, here, he in a way, assert the individual involvement in the change that may happen or that should happen in a country or in a community.
where the change is not something which comes from outside or it is imposed from above, but it should come before it comes, the change should first comes in the minds of the people.
So, the belief, the conviction in something or some idea should develop only, when individual or his self, his atomistic self is convinced or persuaded.
by the validity of that idea or the desirability of that idea.
So, for social, religious or political change to occur, it is necessary that change should first occur in the minds of people.
There should be proper education or transmission of ideas which enables the individual to subject himself or herself to a particular idea and then that will lead to transformative changes in the society, in the community and in the religion.
So, despite of his tilt towards religion, spirituality or such thing, you also, find in him the tenets of modern political theorization or thinking where he believes that the change is necessary or inevitable.
And also, to change to happen, one requires change in the mind of people before it happens in the real world.
Now, Vivekananda also, constantly, tries to redefine himself.
So, on the other hand, he was also, deeply engaged with the cause or the goal or objective of the Indian nationhood or to define Indian nationhood on the basis of Hinduism.
At the same time, he was also, in favour of East-West dialogue or cordial conversation.
So, in Vivekananda, he constantly, tries to redefine himself or reformulate his ideas on life and its objective and therefore, he remains.
open or subjected to different interpretation and there you will find many works reducing him merely as a religious or a spiritual guru, while on many other kind of works project him as a leader of Hindutva or Hinduism.
Still, there are many works and scholars project him as a sacred, but secular or a commodity or inclusive religious figure.
Still, many others project him as a prophet of modern Indian nationalism.
So, in Vivekananda, you have all strengths or possibility of interpretation because of his constant redefining and reformulating his own ideas and objectives of life.
So, Swamiji's aim had been the reconstruction of humanity on the spiritual foundation.
So, here, humanity is much beyond the limits of Indian nation or geographical boundary of India.
So, he wanted to create or constitute a community of the world, where all the religions, all the different sectarians or other kinds of viewpoints can live with each other with harmony and peace.
So, and that is possible only, through the spiritual foundation.
And he could and he writes and I could that let every man and women and child without respect.
of caste or birth, weakness or strength, hear and learn that behind the strong and the weak, behind the high and the low, behind everyone, there is that infinite soul assuring the infinite possibility and the infinite capacity of all to become great and good.
Let us proclaim to every soul, arise, awake, stop and stop not till the goal is reached.
So you may have come across this quotation.
often quoted, re-quoted, argued, re-argued, interpreted, re-interpreted in so many walks of life arise awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
So, that becomes a famous quotation of Vivekananda and inspire a lot of students, youth and activist leaders.
But it connects with the larger project Vivekananda was envisioning that was beyond any kind of caste and creed, weakness or strength, high and low.
He wanted everyone to realize that behind all of them, different caste, different creed, high and low, there is one infinite soul which assured the infinite possibility and infinite capacity of each one of them to become great and good.
So, this possibility of becoming great and good is not confined to a particular caste or a particular creed or a few selective individual, but it is open to all.
Only thing is that everyone has to realize the presence of this infinite soul behind him and when one realizes such existence, then one can attain this greatness and goodness.
So, he proclaimed that then every soul should aspire to arise first to acknowledge or to remember the presence of these souls and then keep on thinking or articulating or engaging with that realization and then continuously, strive to reach that goal.
of becoming good and great and that is possible for each one of us without any distinction of caste, creed and birth.
So, that is the message of Vivekananda for creating the world community or unity among different religious groups and all kind of sectarian belief systems.
Now, to briefly, discuss about his life and times, he was born in an aristocratic family in Kolkata in 1863 and he was greatly influenced by his own parents, where his father was more a kind of rational thinker or a kind of agnostic towards religious practices and belief systems as was the case with many aristocratic family of their times.
and his mother was of religious temperament.
So, in Vivekananda, also, this belief in accepting something only when it is scientifically or rationally persuasive enough and yet searching the true or the larger meaning of life comes from maybe his learning or his inspiration from his parents where father was more rational, scientific or agnostic to religious thing, but mother was a more religious temperament.
So, during his earlier, early years, he became familiar with western philosophy and science and refused to accept anything without rational and pragmatic taste.
So, Vivekananda developed that rational scientific outlook from the very beginning and especially, after his readings of Hegel, Kant, Herbert, Spencer and many others.
But at the same time, there was another part of his mind which was drawn to spiritual ideals, meditations and non-attachment, the kind of abstract contemplative and speculative thinking about the larger meaning of life, larger objective of life.
And yet, he was also deeply influenced by the rational scientific, scientific, scientific method of explaining or understanding anything including social, political and religious life.
And from the early age, he developed some interest in debates and discussions about social reforms, religious reforms, meaning of life, nation, struggle for independence and also, joined Sadharan Ramasamaj, established by Raja Ram Mohan Roy and Freemasons College.
And he excelled in his education, in his academic life as well.
or such spiritual questions lead him to constantly, search for new gurus and new thinkers and through debates and discussions of his time, he came to know about the Ramakrishna.
Ramakrishna, he was a spiritual leader.
So, while searching for a man who could directly, demonstrate the reality of God.
So, the search of God, what is in individual being which remains permanent, which transcend the limits of biological or the physical.
existence of human being.
So, in search of that question, he came to know about Sri Ramakrishna who was born as Gadadhar Chattopadhyay.
He was a mystic leader or a spiritual guru.
So, at the age of 19, he came in contact with Sri Ramakrishna and was immediately, attracted by his gentleness or simplicity or childish innocence.
So, however, in the beginning, he was sceptical of many practices of Ramakrishna like his trance where he thought about.
realization of God is possible through experience and it cannot be rationally, rationally explained.
So, for such kind of practices and beliefs in Ramakrishna, Vivekananda was very sceptical in the beginning, but gradually, he became his disciple and admired his spiritual learnings and expertise.
So, from Ramakrishna, one of the important instructions he received.
was to see God with eyes open and not with eyes closed.
So, God is to be seen in the humanity, the larger humanity and not in temples, not in theories, not in texts.
So, this teaching enables Vivekananda to understand the service to men was the most effective form of worship.
So, the humanity for him, the God is the human being.
So, serving the human being is equal to serving the God or serving to greatest and most effective.
form of worship.
So, Vivekananda began to realize or began to expand the spirituality in men and manifest that spirituality in men through this understanding that service to men and not to a book, not to a form or not to an idol, not to a temple is what constitute a religiosity or a spirituality or effective form of worship.
So, that is that way, he reinterpreted many traditional beliefs about religion and religious practices also.
So, after the death of Ramakrishna, Vivekananda travelled all over India and became deeply distressed at the sight of the material degradation of the masses.
And then, he decided to dedicate his life to the upliftment of the common man.
That becomes the lifelong objective of Vivekananda, where he wanted India to attain freedom not just for the sake of freedom, but also, to revitalize the infinite source of strength in each one of us that is based on the spiritual side of it.
And he constantly, tries to awaken that spiritual side of the millions.
So, for Vivekananda, he was a great traveller and he travelled length and breadth of country from Himalaya to Kanyakumari and there is a rock in Kanyakumari which is also called Vivekananda rocks.
And so, he was not someone confined to the religious texts or treatises, but also, experiences life in its varied.
in various mundane forms and especially, among the common materially, degenerated masses, he wanted to revive them, empower them through the spiritual awakening in their life.
So, the Vivekananda that we are more familiar emerged around 1890s and the Swami's wandering at that time was to know the condition of that time.
So, he was someone.
wanted to understand life in its various manifestations including in different forms in India and also, in abroad and he took a journey to America for this purpose.
In 1897, to spread the message of spirituality, he started Ramakrishna Math or mission at Vellore which remains a very sacred place even today for many visitors from India and abroad to understand the lives and teachings of Vivekananda.
They visit Vellore Math in Kolkata and two years later, he set up the Advaita Ashram in the Himalayas.
He also, wanted Vellore Math which is the headquarter of the Ramakrishna mission which is spread.
eastern mysticism or spiritual tradition, modern science should also be taught.
So, Vivekananda became more famous or attained unparalleled fame of that time precisely, because of this speech at the parliament of religions and the basic message.
the path that one follows, it ultimately, lead to one and the same supreme being.
And that message which he gave in his speech to the parliament of world religions becomes a kind of philosophical basis for accommodating the differences or differences in the religious practices or belief systems and yet developing a solid brotherhood or solidarity.
of such differences and creating a relations or human relations which transcend this sectarian belief systems or practices because of this realization and which he quotes from the Hindu text.
And that is why, he asserted or many times, very confidently put forth that the Hinduism is the mother of all religion or the greatness of Hinduism which can accommodate all kind of.
So, Swami Vivekananda was when he went to this parliament of religion, he was a young unknown Hindu monk and delivered an important address about the universal tolerance.
This universal tolerance can come only with the realization of the ultimate reality of all kind of life and belief system.
So, address about this universal tolerance at the first world's parliament of religions.
at the Art Institute of Chicago on September 11, 1893.
His profound knowledge of Indian and western philosophy which he studied before he became a monk or world renouncer and complemented with his profound knowledge of Indian spiritual or intellectual tradition impressed the fellow delegates and scholars and the American press gave him consistently good coverage.
This was his first direct contact with the West and during this time, he is assumed the monastic name Vivekananda.
So, Vivekananda was born as a Narendranath Dutta and from Narendranath Dutta, he acquired this monastic name Vivekananda which means bliss of discerning knowledge.
And this platform enables him to reach not just the global audience or express or make them familiar about Indian tradition or Hinduism or the message of Hinduism to the world.
but also, instantly, helped him to reach to the millions of masses back home in India.
And when he returned from the parliament of religion, he was given unmatched reception when he reached the source of India.
So, in America, his mission was both national and international to express the vital or the force of Indiaís spiritual expertise in America and also, to develop the brotherhood among different religious followers or the belief systems.
So, the compelling motive of his coming to America was to know the science and technology of the West.
And he also, wanted to share with the American people certain spiritual knowledge cherished in India which he thought might help the West to overcome its anxiety and restlessness.
So, with his experience of West, he realizes inherent or the inner restlessness.
in modern western self.
And he thought that that can be cured with learning this age old spiritual wisdom or knowledge of India and that how he thought India can contribute in the empowerment or the spiritual awakening of the humanity at large.
And at the same time, he wanted Indians to learn the scientific or the technological development of the West.
And this scientific and rational temperament even about the religion and religious practices is something which Vivekananda constantly explained to his followers and millions of students he addressed.
So, the other missions he performed there was to remove the mistaken notions about some of the misconceptions or misinterpretation of Indian religion and belief systems in the mind of many westerners including Americans.
So, Vivekananda, here one can find is someone who is scientifically and very rationally putting forward.
reinterpreting Hinduism in a more scientific and rational way and expressing or putting forth the true or the correct meaning of Hinduism.
So, for many scholars, the caste system was the result of Hinduism.
But he was someone who believed and responded that Hinduism is not at the fault.
It is because of those who or priestly class or those who receive or profit from these kind of practices, they maintain this kind of hierarchy.
In fact, Hinduism for him is something which ensures or sanction the highest dignity to the individual despite of his caste and creed.
So, for Vivekananda, the task was to reassert or reinterpret Hinduism.
and distance it from the dogmas or many irrational beliefs and rituals which had developed after many centuries of degeneration or the foreign rule.
So, Vivekananda presented in a very simple language the philosophy of Advaita Vedanta.
Advaita Vedanta is the monism that belief in one supreme truth that is Brahman, one Brahman and we are all manifestation of the same.
one's supreme self.
So, his interpretation of Advaita Vedanta is also known as practical Vedanta or new Advaita Vedanta which becomes the inspiring philosophy for many nationalist leaders.
So, in his views, man was no different from reality or god.
It was just that his delusion did not allow him to gauge this supreme truth.
He believed that a man's action and thought should be guided by principle of the divinity of the soul and the solidarity of mankind.
So, for him and the way he interpreted Advaita Vedanta for millions and not just for a priestly class or a selected group, the understanding of man as the manifestation or connected with this supreme reality or god, this realization do not come to the masses because of their various delusions.
So, what comes after life?
What is the significance of soul?
Will soul perish with the death of the body?
So, these kind of discourses, he explains through this understanding of man which is not different from the reality or the god.
So, the man, he sees god in man himself.
So, Nar Narayan and such expression in Vivekananda comes from this kind of interpretation of man.
So, he wanted this delusion which obstruct the individual to realize this supreme reality or supreme truth to be removed and that can be removed when manís action and thoughts is guided by this divinity of soul.
Soul do not perish with the body message of Gita and many other texts.
And therefore, the ultimate objective is the solidarity of mankind not divided on the basis of caste, creed or even nation or nationality.
So, that is his conception.
So, this is the conception of man which he considered as the manifestation of divine himself.
And to remove the delusion, one has to guide oneís action and thoughts and constantly engage or understand this divinity of soul.
And that will then enable the individual to cross the boundaries of religion, belief systems or the sectarian ideas about god and forms of god and etcetera and develop the solidarity among the mankind.
So, this philosophy believes that the non-dualistic ultimate reality, the non-dualistic.
So, the ultimate reality which is one is non-dualistic, there is no illusion, there is no duality there, there is absolute.
supreme monastic self or Brahman is free from dissensions and conflict and is conductive to the welfare of all.
So, this realization of one as the supreme self and all of us are part of that supreme self will enable us to forge a solidarity or a brotherhood which will help in the welfare of one and all and not any kind of hierarchy, not any kind of dichotomies, not any kind of dissensions, conflicts or violence.
So, that philosophy want to realize that interconnections in interpersonal relationships.
So, for him, the task of Vedanta was to break down privileges or any kind of hierarchy, any kind of conflicts that result out of that hierarchy or the privilege that should be broken down and that is the true message of Vedanta for Vivekananda.
Why his philosophy of Vedanta is also called practical Vedanta is also, because it is not limited to merely contemplative or speculative practices, but it actually, enables the millions.
So, his tasks or Ramakrishna mission or many.
initiatives, he undertook was to spread this message of Advaita Vedanta among the millions and millions of masses which were not able to understand or engage with this kind of thought.
So, the Vedanta for him is a more practical approach to break down any kind of privileges and hierarchy and the conflict that is the result of such privileges and hierarchy.
So, the idea that one man is born superior to another.
has no meaning in Vedanta.
That is the message of Vivekananda.
He suggested that the inequalities were not endemic to individuals or institutions.
They were more often than not a reflection of the circumstances they had been placed in.
So, the rise of inequalities or hierarchy is result not of the belief systems or the religious practices, but because of the circumstances, the human material socio-economic conditions produce such inequalities and hierarchies and which can be broken down once human being or the individual realizes that supreme truth which do not believe in any superiority or inferiority among and between the individuals.
So, Vedanta, for him then is a kind of active philosophy to bring social equality, to bring equality among the mankind and then develop the solidarity among them.
So, his understanding of Vedanta asserts Indiaís pluralistic culture.
That means, Vedanta and its philosophy realizes the differences in the different practices, different belief systems, but ultimately, realizes the supreme truth that we are all part of same one singular non-dualistic supreme truth.
And that enables the people to reach the same goal through different paths.
So, they may follow different paths, different practices, but ultimate reality, the ultimate journey is to reach to this one supreme god.
So, to further quote, for Vivekananda, each soul is potentially divine.
The goal is to manifest this divinity within by controlling natures external and internal.
Do this either by work or worship or psychic control or philosophy.
by one or more or all of these and be free.
This is the whole of religion.
For him, the understanding or interpretation of religion is not sectarian in believing some things, whether that something is god or an idol or a book or a theory or anything.
So, basically, till here, what he is saying that each soul, there is no there is no selection, there is no privilege in which soul is potential to realize this divine.
For Vivekananda, each soul is potentially divine.
The goal is to manifest this divinity within from one's own self.
That means, it should not be controlled, imposed or persuaded by external forces.
And this goal of realization of divinity within is possible through work or worship and psychic control of the control or philosophy.
That means, different kind of yoga he was preaching, karma yoga, jnana yoga.
or Raja Yoga or different forms he was saying that one can attain this divinity within by one or more or all of these and the idea is to be free.
And this is for him religion that is the whole religion for Vivekananda realizing within the manifestation of divinity and that realization can come through any of these ways.
So, further he writes doctrines or dogmas or rituals or books or temples or forms are but secondary details.
The religion is based upon faith and belief and in most cases, consist only of different set of theories and this is the reason why there is a different in form.
So, these realizations, different secondary details of any religion based on books, temples, forms of worship, doctrines or dogmas, it is based upon different in theories and therefore, it may appear different from each other.
But ultimately, if the purpose is to understand or realize this and be free.
which is the whole religion, then these forms are merely secondary, ultimate truth or the absolute truth is the realization of divinity within which is potential, possible for each soul.
So, therefore, he writes that the Christian is not to become a Hindu or a Buddhist nor a Hindu or a Buddhist to become a Christian, but each must assimilate the spirit of others.
and yet preserve his individuality and grow according to his own law of growth.
So, that is how one can attain oneself, be free without converting to any other religion or any one form of religion which is considered as true religion.
For him, these are different ways, different paths of realization.
The ultimate objective is to realize the divinity within without any external intervention or controlling the nature.
So, for that, one need not to convert from one religion to other forms.
So, one form of worship to another form of worship will not help in realization of this ultimate truth.
That comes only, when one realizes from within this divine manifestation and that is the basis of religion and spirituality in the individual life, in the life of community or in the life of humankind that Vivekananda was trying to preach through his reinterpretation of reinterpretation of Advaita Vedanta which is also considered as practical Vedanta.
Many of his followers regarded him as the key founders of modern Hinduism, especially, the revival of Hinduism and the belief and the self-confidence of the masses in the Hinduism as the basis of nation, as the basis of community.
So, in the first phase of Indian national movement, you will find many such religious or spiritual gurus reviving the true meaning or reinterpreting the ancient texts to engage or to respond to the challenges of their time.
So, Vivekananda, however, was strongly critical of the traditional Hinduism.
Traditional Hinduism in a way, the way it was believed and practiced and ritualized and monotony of such practices without connecting to the spirit or a spiritual side of it, Vivekananda was very critical of it.
Yet, through his reinterpretation and his message, he is considered as the founder of modern Hinduism.
And there is some contradictory thinking or interpretation in Vivekananda's writing also.
So, when we, so first was that he was very critical of many practices and the ritualized behavior or monotony of such behavior.
Again, when he thinking about the common scripture for India.
He preferred the Vedas or the ancient texts or the Upanishads.
However, he himself had once identified these as the authority recognized by the Hindus alone.
So, what would be the status of other treatises of other religions?
So, that is a kind of inconsistency in his writing.
Despite claiming the Hinduism to be the mother and teacher of all other faiths, Vivekananda's project was to create a European society in India which he called the India's religion.
So, for Vivekananda, the condition of the masses or the economic material condition of the masses was so, worthless that he wanted the regeneration of India which is possible by creating this European society in India which will be a kind of combination of the ancient Indian heritage of a spiritual understanding or the wisdom on the one hand and modern science and technology of the waste on the other hand and that combination can regenerate.
the degrading condition of millions of Indian masses.
So, he wanted to create this European society in India which he thought was possible.
So, Vivekananda wanted to create a religion that was rational, linear, non-emotive and masculine.
So, the strength is life and weakness is death.
So, that kind of interpretation of religion or Hinduism leave very little space for disorder, chaos, pain, pleasure or emotions.
So, it was a Hindu world that was detached, abstract and ritually pure.
So, he wanted to create India spiritually strong by preferring to the masculine over say feminine or rational over say emotive or such things.
So, what we find in his interpretation that as Nainan Samrat pointed out that not only did he interpret Hinduism to the west, but also, interpreted it to India itself.
So, he interpreted Vedanta or Dwayad Vedanta in such a way which will enable the Indian to respond.
to solve many of the contemporary challenges.
And this is for him, not merely, for the contemplative exercise, it has the practical application in day-to-day material, political and economic life of the people.
So, by focusing on the ancient philosophic past of the Hindus, he was able to provide an alternative reformative view of Hinduism, which until then was viewed by Indiaís colonial masters as a religion dominated by cult worship and many irrational practices.
So, foremost, contribution of Vivekananda was the reassertion of the strength and capability of Hinduism to solve not just the degrading condition of the masses, but reignite the spiritual side of humanity, not just in India, but also, in the world.
So, contrary to the many colonial masters and their belief about Indian religions, especially Hinduism which they thought as a kind of merely cult worship or consisted of many irrational practices, he provided a .
alternative reformist view of Hinduism in his practical Vedanta.
And he was also, someone who first introduced different practices of yoga to the west and importantly, Vivekanandaís teachings inspired the struggle to free India from the oppression of the colonial rules.
So, the many scholars believe that his message or his work influenced a great many revolutionaries in India to lead on their life, to sacrifice their life, their material possessions for the sake of India.
freedom of India from the colonial rule.
So, in addition to this, his introduction to the Vedanta branch of Hindu philosophy into America and Europe, Swami Vivekananda was influential in the revival of Hinduism in India in the 19th and early 20th century.
So, the true message of Hinduism, he helped in transmitting in Europe or in America, but also, he helped in the revival of Hinduism in late 19th century and early 20th century in India.
So, that is his thought on Hinduism, the role of Hinduism in the improve role of Hinduism in the everyday life of the people to improve their not just material or the economic condition, but also, the spiritual side of their existence.
So, in this lecture, if one is to summarize the message or the basis of Vivekanandaís philosophy, it is the religion and religiosity and that religion and religiosity for Vivekananda, is to attain the divinity or realize the divinity within and that realization may come through many ways through work, through worship, through jnana yoga or through all of these and open to all souls without any discrimination of caste, religion or any kind of sectarian beliefs.
And so, all these forms ultimately, lead to that realization which is for him the true meaning or objective of life.
for each human being.
So, on this lecture, you can refer to some of these works like Vivekananda Cultural Nationalism by Amya P. Sen from Indian Political Thought, Themes and Thinkers by M. P. Singh and Himanshu Rai.
Also, Thinking Community and Nation, Relevance of Vivekananda by Ganga Mukherjee in India's International Centre Quarterly, Volume 39, number 1.
And also, Swami Vivekananda's Senatory by Swami Nikhil Anand, Philosophy East and West.
Then, Writing Vivekananda by Jyotirmaya Sharma and also, from Vivekananda to Kalat by Madhuvanti Ghosh.
Art Institute of Chicago Museum of History.
So, these are some of the works which you can refer to understand Vivekananda and his reinterpretation of Advaita Vedanta or what is also known as new Vedanta.
So, that is all for today's lecture.
Thanks for your patience.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you.
Hello and I welcome you all.
for the second and concluding lecture on Aurobindo Ghosh.
And in this lecture, we are going to discuss his thought on community and religion.
So, today, we are going to discuss his thought on community and religion.
We already had a lecture on Aurobindo and we have discussed his thought on self and notion of the self and we see how it is related and connected to the other thinkers certainly, like Rabindranath Tagore and his views on self.
So, we have discussed that in our previous lecture.
Today, we will focus more on Aurobindoís views on community and religion.
And I will begin with his views on community and then we will also, discuss his views on nationalism and how that is connected with religion and his views on Gita.
And finally, we will conclude this lecture by critically assessing some of the key ideas in Aurobindo Ghos and what are the scholarly criticism to Aurobindo Ghosh and his thought.
So, on Aurobindo Ghosh, this rhetoric of religion and here, the religion is not something which is kind of organized form of worship.
For Aurobindo Ghosh, religion is something which is broader, which is something that enables the man to realize the existence of something which is supreme, which is something universal and therefore, in all his political and spiritual articulation and thought.
The rhetoric of religion is very much central.
So, Aurobindo used this rhetoric of religion in his political writings as a means of communication to those who were otherwise, non-participative in the political domain.
It was a distinct way of engaging people in a non-violent struggle against the colonialism or colonial rule.
Also, besides that speculative or intellectual urge to understand the significance of religion for realizing of self and relationship of self with the others.
Aurobindo also, has the practical use of this rhetoric of religion to mobilize those who were those here means his native countrymen in Bengal or in the rest of India.
And they use the rhetoric of religion, the vocabulary of religion.
to mobilize them, to enable them to participate in the political arena and to fight against the British rule.
Now, this we can understand in the historical context in which Aurobindo Ghosh and many others were writing or articulating their ideas.
So, starting from Bankim Chan Chatterjee, Anand Matt and invocation of symbols and vocabulary of the Ganze Artife.
which is deeply embedded in one particular form of religious tradition.
This remains there in many other thinkers including Rabindranath Tagore and Aurobindo Ghosh as well.
And this we also, have to understand in a theoretical sense, when they were confronting an overpowering or over dominating foreign rule.
or British dominance, the resource on which they can rely and then, confront this over dominating power was more in the domain of religion, more in the domain of spirituality.
And therefore, they invoke these terms because through them, they can connect with the masses and mobilize them, enable them to participate in the political struggle against the British rule.
So, this theory is there in Partha Chatterjee distinction between inner and outer domain.
interested, you can look at some of his writings, where he discussed this inner and outer domain, certainly, nation and its fragments and also, some other articles.
Now, what Partha Chatterjee decides between this inner and outer domain is that in inner domain, that is the domain of religion and spirituality, Indians are far superior than the British.
And that becomes their source of confidence, source of strength to confront this foreign rule.
But in the outer domain, that is the domain of material, political, economy, they may learn from the British and then, they can They can beat them, they can learn from them and gradually, they can surpass them also.
So, this vocabulary or invocation of religious term and terminology in Aurobindoís thought also has a practical necessity to mobilize the natives for political struggle.
Now, one of the scholars Andrew Sartory regards his appeal to religious discourse not as a direct traditional.
attachment to Hinduism, but an act of traditionalism seeking to use it as a means of appealing to the national popular who were subject to the appeal and authority of religion.
So, the religiosity of Indians requires him or many other thinkers like him who wanted to mobilize their support for anti-colonial struggle, they had to resort to this vocabulary, the masses, the most of Indians were more familiar with these terms and it was easier for them to mobilize them using or invoking these terms.
So, the authority of religion and appeal of religion was so, intense among the citizens or Indians or the fellow countrymen that Aurobindo Ghosh and many other modern Indian thinkers At least, in the first phase of anti-colonial struggle, thought of using these rhetorics, these tools to mobilize public opinion and this is not to do with a kind of religious attachment to one particular religion, but to use it politically, to mobilize the masses for anti-colonial struggle.
In this context, he can be regarded as a historical figure responding to the immediate context.
So, the partition and other oppressive policies of the government.
force him to use these rhetorics, these vocabulary and respond to the immediate context using such vocabulary and that makes him a kind of historical figure.
And his engagement with the religious discourse can be treated as a ramification of the failure of the Swadesi movement.
Now, many scholars have argued that the Swadesi movement failed and it lead to some kind of acrimonious relationship between two larger community Hindu and Muslims and that lead to its failure.
And there is the validity in such criticism also like Sumit Sarkar have argued and many others like him.
But real strength of such discourse was it was easily accessible and comprehensible for the masses.
And Gandhi certainly, when there was a mass character of Indian national movement huge and continued to use such rhetorics of religion to mobilize the masses.
So, the strength of these vocabulary or rhetorics of religion remains.
very significant during the anti-colonial struggle.
And Aurobindo was very significant historical figure in terms of using such vocabulary or defining the nation as motherhood or as a nationalism as a religion or having organic existence like an individual.
So, Aurobindo goes in that sense was responding to the immediate context while using this vocabulary.
Now, this use of religious rhetorics can also be understood in the light of his conception of an ideal state.
Now, Aurobindo was not just a political radical activist, but also, a visionary and in his vision, the conception of nation or state was very different from the many other pragmatic political thinkers of his time.
And in his conception of ideal which is more ethical and not a kind of mechanical system which fulfils the material or physical needs of the individual.
He was conceptualizing a state or ideal state which will make individual ethical or moral.
And that ethical and moral is to enable the individual to connect with the larger self or the supreme self which we have discussed in the previous lecture.
So, this invocation of religious doctrine or religious terminology, which is the invocation something which enables the individual to realize himself, connect with the others and connect with the larger humanity.
So, these three layer movement of individual self from the physical biological being to the community, his or her community and then the community to the larger humanity that can be connected and that is the spiritual evolution in his thought and therefore, this religious vocabulary in his thought.
also has some practical reasons besides his vision on idealistic.
Now, what is this spiritual reason of humanity?
That is this spiritual religion for Aurobindo is something very different from any one creed or any one organized form of religion be it Christianity or Islam or Buddhism or any other ism.
So, for him, the source of humanity, or unity in human unity or human unity is possible through this spiritual religion and this spiritual religion is very uniquely, interpreted in his works.
So, this spiritual religion is the means for universal human unity.
Aurobindo talks of spiritual religion of humanity.
For him, spiritual foundation can lead to the psychological unification of people which will equally respect.
the socio-cultural diversity among them.
Now, this spiritual religion is very specific, which can also be connected to integral pluralism as B. R. Mehta puts it.
Now, what is this integral pluralism?
That means, the all self is connected with one or same form of energy or same form of supreme being and yet, it can be manifested in different ways.
in different culture, in different ethos and yet, they can all fulfill or connect with each other through mutual love or empathy or solidarity.
So, that form of empathy, solidarity, mutual love can lead to the psychological unification and not the organized form of religion or community or nation-state or this atomistic or rational conception of individual.
So, for him, the spiritual religion will come to discuss what this spiritual religion is.
But here, So, it is significant to note that for him, this spiritual religion is the basis for psychological unity among the different socio-cultural groups and community and it can form a kind of integral humanity unity among different socio-cultural groups.
Here, to be more specific about what this spiritual religion is, for Urvindu, a spiritual religion of humanity does not imply a universal religion that is to say, one form of religion followed by everyone in the world.
So, for him, the spiritual religion do not mean, does not equal to universal religion and he writes mankind has tried such unity by that means, that means, here the universal religion.
So, there should be one religion, one world and that one religion in one world will create true unity among the people.
For Aurobindo goes that cannot be possible, that cannot lead to desired ends.
or desired objective.
So, he writes that mankind has tried unity by that means, that means, universal religion.
It has failed and deserved to fail because there can be no universal religious system, one in mental creed and vital form.
So, why it has failed and deserved to fail because for Aurobindo, there cannot be universal religious system which is one in mental creed or vital form, then constitute a spiritual religion.
For Aurobindo goes, the inner spirit in all of us which is indeed one, but more than any other, the spiritual life insists on the freedom and variation in self-expression and means of development.
Now, this realization of inner spirit which is one and same in all, but it can manifest itself in various ways or it can develop itself in so many ways, yet it can attain the same result of universal solidarity or unity.
which is impossible to achieve or attain through a organized form of universal religious system.
So, the spiritual religion is a kind of realization of your inner self which manifests the one and same spirit, but it can express itself in so many social cultural ways and attain such realization in different ways.
So, there is a plurality in such realization or self-expression and yet, there is a kind of integralism.
where you realize the inner self in one or inner spirit in one and all is same.
And he further, writes that a religion of humanity means the growing realization that there is a secret spirit, a divine reality in which we are all one that humanity is the highest present vehicle on earth and that the human race and human being are the means by which it will progressively.
Now, he further explained this spiritual religion which enables that realization that there is a secret spirit or divine reality.
And this divine reality enables us to recognize, to acknowledge that we are all one and this humanity is something which is highest on earth and this humanity is manifested or expressed through the human being, individual or collective.
on this earth.
So, the higher spiritual divine self on earth which is the ultimate or the supreme being for Arvind Gose manifests itself through the individual.
And therefore, that individual becomes the vehicle of universal spirit or the higher spirit to manifest itself in the physical world.
So, there is a kind of continuous movement or evolution of the in Aurobindoís thought about religion or certainly, spiritual religion which is growing realization about the existence of this supreme being and also, then the process or the practices of manifesting or developing solidarity or interconnection between individual and the community on the one hand and different communities and humanity.
at large which is the highest manifestation or ultimate manifestation of universal spirit on the other.
So, there is a kind of integral interconnections between these three which is very different from the universal religion.
Now, what is a spiritual society and state?
For Aurobindo Ghosh, he envisioned a spiritual society in contrast to a bourgeoisie or a socialist society.
So, in a bourgeois society, the emphasis is more on individual as a self-defining rational agent and this self-defining rational agent is automatic self and given the condition of freedom, this self can attain or realize itself.
On the other hand, the socialist society emphasis is more on equality.
Now, Aurobindo Ghosh and his vision of society is very different from these two conceptualizations of society or state which is more a kind of mechanical instrumental vision.
and also, look at individual in him very narrow or limited sense of his or her being.
For Aurobindo, the society and the role of society is to enable the individual to realize his superior self or manifestation of supreme self in his life and then accordingly, pursue his or her own goals in the life.
So, for Aurobindo then, the concern of the spiritual society is not to solve the material problems.
whether it is the question of freedom or the question of material redistribution or attaining economic equality.
But its emphasis lies on creating a new basis of our being life and knowledge.
So, what is knowledge, what is life, what is the basis of our own being that is radically, articulated by Aurobindo and for him, the role of state and society is to create the condition or enable the individual to think about his life.
Not in isolation, a kind of autonomous atomistic self as in bourgeoisie society or state or in a socialist society which is the collective is over dominating on the individual.
So, individuals submerge in a kind of collective self of society or community and its focus on equality.
For him, the ideal society or a spiritual society will enable the individual to understand the basis, true basis of his life.
life.
And also, what is the meaning of life?
It is not the material, physical, physical problem and challenges which needs to be solved, but also, the spiritual attainment, the spiritual side of human life.
And what constitutes then the knowledge?
Knowledge is not then just to maximize one's interest, but also, to understand the larger objective of life and then following the practices which help in.
of attaining such objectives.
So, he talks about economics of a spiritualized society.
Here, it is necessary to point out as Aurobindo is a syncretic thinker who was synthesizing different strands of thought, different cultural traditions and did recognize the role of science and technology and material side of existence.
But he did not limit the individual or his conception of individual or a spiritual life to merely a material economic.
economic side of life only as you find in some of the socialist society.
So, for him, this economics of a spiritualized society is to provide all men the joy of work in accordance to their nature and leisure to their inner development.
Its aim is not to create a machinery of production, but to offer all a prosperous and beautiful life.
So, for him, the economics of a spiritualized life is not to solve the material problem of men, but to give them all the joy of work.
So, work is necessary, work is essential, but work is not an end in itself.
So, for him, the work should be provided so that everyone can realize the joy of work according to their nature and leisure to their inner development.
So, as significant is job, similarly, the leisure to develop oneís inner self or inner search or inner urge in the self is equally significant.
So, he was conceptualizing a society which will enable the individual to enjoy his work according to his or her nature, but also, a leisure to develop himself or herself according to the nature of the work.
inner urge or inner development of his or her character.
So, therefore, the aim of this kind of society is not to create a machinery of production.
So, what we find in the three capitalist society or liberal bourgeois society.
So, the profit, maximization of profit, new or more technical or advanced technical mode of production and the focus on more and more production and giving more and more employment.
So, Aurobindo, in a sense, synthesized all these things where the significance of work is there, but equally important is the leisure to develop one's inner self or the inner development.
So, its aim is therefore, is not to create a machinery of production.
but to offer all a prosperous and beautiful life.
So, the meaning of life is not just to do the work, but also, to realize the inner self, the life which is more meaningful or prosperous when it gets the leisure to lead one's life according to one's own inner nature or inner self.
So, in a spiritual state, people would be regarded as a group souls endowed with.
So, again, the question of religion, religious vocabulary is so central in his thought.
It would allow them to develop collectively for the common purpose of humanity.
So, this understanding of we are all part of same family or same community will develop gradually once individual get the condition or chance to work and also leisure to introspect, to examine many.
inner urge within his or her personality.
And then on the basis of such understanding or realization, he or she can better connect with the other self or communities and that ultimately, lead to a kind of psychological, emotional unity among the people and that is the common purpose of humanity.
And his ashram in Orville is based on such principle of universal humanity and not divided on.
either caste, religion, creed or nation.
So, in his thought, then what we find about science, religion and society, for him, both science and religion hold equal importance as both are necessary for human development.
So, for the progress of humanity or human development, the role of science, technology along with religion is equally important.
And he tried to accommodate both science and religion in his thinking to get a kind of synthesizing knowledge about the role of technology or science in human progress and how it can enable the realization of self or realization of true self.
But dominance of science and technology can result in isolating the individual which create a sense of insignificance and powerlessness in him.
So, many bourgeois society, liberal bourgeois society what you also have despite of all kind of progress in material economic life, the gradual or more and more realization of helplessness.
or aloofness or isolation which becomes a kind of challenge.
In many contemporary society, you will find individual despite of material economic prosperity, gradual realization or increasing realization of their isolation, their helplessness to challenge many social political issues of the time.
Arvind Ghoswapal acknowledging the role of science and technology also, understood the limit of the domination of the or increasing reliance on science and technology at it may lead to a situation, where individual may feel more and more isolated or powerless.
So, the goal of society then is to help in achieving the ideal of life which is basically, understanding the reality of human existence.
So, what is the reality of existence?
reality of existence.
And individuals should realize that their true being is not in science and technology, but rests in living with the spirit.
And this living with the spirit is the supreme spirit or the universal spirit which manifests or exists in all of individual self.
So, the true ideal, true objective of individual life is to realize the strut and live in connection with the larger universal.
a spirit and not excessive reliance on science and technology which we very often, see in contemporary society.
So, for him, this role of science and technology is there, but individual must not disconnect or ignore the religious side or the spiritual side of his or her existence.
So, what Aurobindo believes is that by allowing individual to develop their spirituality, the society will lead to their overall transformation.
And then, in Aurobindo's words, a self-aware spiritual unity of being and a spiritual conscious community and interchange of nature would be the deep and ample root of understanding.
So, the whole understanding between different culture, different society, different community is possible on the basis of this realization which transform the individual from a kind of self-seeking egoistic atomistic individual to someone who immerse himself or herself in the larger community and realizing the unity.
inevitable connection with the community on the one hand and the larger humanity on the other.
So, this will be the true basis of understanding and deep solidarity, deep connection with the larger self, with the self of the community or the collective self.
And that is necessary to realize the true meaning of self and also, to understand the role of individual in the larger society.
So, as we were discussing, for him, the individual self is the manifestation.
So, through the individual, universal self manifests itself in our physical world.
So, there the connection between individual and the supreme being is also very much there.
So, what kind of society is the ideal society?
It is also a subjectivist society, where we have briefly, discussed it in our previous lecture that this is a kind of evolutionary understanding of human society which he takes from many western thinkers including Kant, Herder.
and also, called Lampercheid.
So, the contemporary stage of society in which Aurobindo was living, he considered that society as an age of subjectivism.
This age of subjectivism is growing as we have discussed in previous lecture out of the individualist age.
And here, the man or the individual, a spiritual individual, not a self-seeking, self-aggrandizing individual of atomistic individualist age.
This age is characterized by the faith on the idea that only spiritual inner freedom can establish the ideal human order.
So, that is the connection with self, with the larger humanity or the human order as such.
So, that human order in true sense of the term is possible, when this age which Aurobindo thought and envisioned as age of subjectivism which believes in this spiritual inner freedom.
So, when he was responding to political challenges for India and he was actively, involved in political liberation, he did believe that political independence or freedom is required.
But true freedom will be possible, when individual realize that the true freedom lies in the inner spiritual life and not just in political and economic life.
So, this is also, then recognition of the expression of divine.
in the individual and in the collectivity will lead to a spiritual evolution which will ultimately, unify the humanity.
That is again, the true unity of humanity is possible when one realizes this expression of divine in the individual self and in the collective self and that realization will gradually, lead to a kind of spiritual transformation or evolution and which will then develop a solidarity.
which is not based on selfish interest or egoistic self.
So, in discussing subjectivism, Aurobindo talked about three spheres, the individual, the community and the humanity.
And these three are interconnected.
We will discuss it through one of his quotations about this interconnection.
But he sees this evolution in this realization at the level of individual and then how it percolates.
at the level of community and then finally, how it transformed the humanity as a whole and bring about unity among different groups and communities.
So, these three are autonomous and yet mutually interdependent and that is something which is unique in Aurobindoís thought and in many other thinkers.
So, individual is not defined as a self-defining atomistic individual as in liberal bourgeois society and state or also individual is not sacrificed at the alter of collectivity as in many communist or socialist society.
Here, the autonomy of individual is realized and also, the autonomy of other two community like his or her community, immediate community and also, the humanity as such.
So, these three are autonomous from each other, but yet, they are mutually interdependent and each has its specific laws of functioning.
And what are these specific laws of functioning?
We will discuss it in a minute.
For Urbindo, then community is the intermediate sphere between individual and the humanity.
It is the sphere which connects which is a kind of spaced in between individual and the humanity.
So, while development in the individual leads to the development in the community, development in the community results in the development of the community.
So, there is a kind of integral continuum between individual, community and humanity as a whole.
And these three are somewhat autonomous from each other, yet deeply intertwined or interconnected.
So, development in the individual is based on the eternal truth of self-manifestation of the cosmic spirit that we have discussed.
So, this development in the individual.
cannot be done in egoism or in isolation, cut off from the larger society, but only, when this being or self is in a community.
So, the kind of organic understanding of self, where everything is interconnected and interdependent in a way.
So, this realization of eternal truth about self-manifestation of cosmic truth cannot be done when the self is egoistic self or in isolation, but only, when this self is is in the community, exists in the community.
So, this intermediate sphere helps the individual and the humanity to be complementary.
In the same way, individuals too contribute to the development of the community.
So, the relationship between individual and community is in that sense very interconnected and one do not lose its identity while connecting or relating with others.
So, Urbindo, in a sense, maintained the uniqueness of individual, autonomy of individual, yet regard the individual in connection with the community and the role of individual in creation of that community, especially, the spiritual society or community which he is talking about.
So, that community can be built when individual which is part of that community, realizes the manifestation of this cosmic spirit within himself.
So, yet there is a conflict.
which can be resolved according to Aurobindo by treating others similarly, as oneself.
So, you treat other the way you treat yourself and then be in helping the needy.
This is the way through which one can develop a kind of amicable relationship with the community.
So, thus, Aurobindo illustrated the holistic relation of the individual, community and humanity which will lead to the realization of ideal human unity.
So, ideal unity is possible when there is a kind of integral or holistic understanding of the place of individual, community and humanity in this continuum and that is the evolutionary kind of understanding.
So, more on this understanding of individual, community and humanity, we can perhaps understand with this quotation from Aurobindo, where he clearly, established the interrelations between these three individual, community and the humanity as such.
So, in the first sentence, he talks about the law of individual.
Now, the law of individual is to perfect the individuality, perfect his or her individuality by free development from within.
Now, these two free development and from within is as important.
So, the law of individual says that everyone should develop himself or herself, his or her individuality perfectly and this should be free from any outside.
outside intervention or interference.
And again, that is not something kind of material or political, but this development of individuality should come from within.
So, the free development from within, but that is not the end of individual rule, but to respect and to aid and be abided by the same free development in others.
So, that is the mutual recognition of similar right to develop himself or herself in others.
His law is to harmonize his life.
with the life of the social aggregate that is the community and to pour himself out as force for growth and perfection on humanity.
So, that is the law one, that is law of individuality.
Now, the law of community or nation is equally, to perfect its corporate existence, the existence of itself, its identity or its character by a free development from within, aiding and taking full advantage of that of the individual.
But to respect and to aid and abide by the same free development of other communities and nations.
Its law is to harmonize its life with that of the human aggregate and for itself ought as a force for growth and perfection on humanity.
So, again, the law of community when developing its own character taking resource from the character of the individual or transformation of the individual similarly, respect such rights and rights in other communities or nations, but then harmonize itself with such other communities and nations and then think about the larger humanity or perfecting that humanity.
Now, then the third is the law of humanity.
This law is to pursue its upward evolution towards finding an expression of the divine in the type of mankind taking all advantage of the free development and gains of all individuals and nations and groupings of men towards toward the day when mankind may be really and not only ideally, one divine family.
But even when it has succeeded in unifying itself to respect, aid and be aided by the free growth and activity of its individual and constituent aggregates.
So, that is the ideal of humanity in Aurobindo Ghosh and these three laws are in a continuum and integral to each otherís growth.
Now, very briefly, on his views on religion and nationalism, he resembles nationalism to a religion gifted by god.
God is immortal and so is nationalism.
So, that is the idea.
So, in his thought from a revolutionary nationalist to a spiritual leader, his understanding of nationalism is very different from many of his contemporary, where he considered religion, God, religion as a gift of God and so, he defines the nationalism and its contribution in the larger human unity.
On 19 January 1908, while speaking on Bombay National Union, Aurobindo remarked nationalism is not a mere political program, but is a religion that has come from god.
Nationalism is therefore, immortal and then the god cannot be killed and cannot be sent to jail.
So, his understanding of nationalism is religious organic understanding of nationalism which he equates with his understanding of religion and god.
So, this point, we have discussed during the Alip incarnation.
he realized the spiritual as in himself and his focus on the freedom should be given to individual to grow from within.
He realized himself and then he went to Pondicherry and for 40 years, involved himself in the spiritual discipline, spiritual practices, yogic practices and writings and that he spoke through this Uttarapara speech.
This realization from within and then, pursuit of such urge.
Now, that speech for many thinkers was a like Sumit Serka regarded this speech an indication of an inversion.
from treating religion as a means to the end of the mass contact and stimulation of moral to religion as an end in itself.
Now, this point of Sumit Sarkar and his critique to Aurobindo and his decision, Sugata Bose in response to that is of the view that the Sanatana Dharma that Aurobindo was talking about was not narrowly defined as Sarkar and many other scholars used to take.
So, what is Sanatana Dharma for Aurobindo?
For Aurobindo, Sanatana Dharma hold a much broader image and it was not a narrow and partition creed, but was as great as life itself.
It was for the salvation of humanity.
So, for him, the understanding of Sanatana Dharma is not particularistic or narrow, but something which is as great, as broad perhaps as life itself and life in the sense of evolution towards more and more progressive.
stages of existence.
So, for Arvindau then, India should be free not for her own self, but for her role in illuminating the humanity as such or for all.
So, it was not to dominate over the weak, but to shed the eternal light over the world.
So, he saw the role of India as India freedom is not merely, for herself, but for the illumination of the world as such.
He further elaborated the concept in many articles which were published in his journal where the building of India for the sake of humanity was put as an ideal of the journal.
So, many of his activities was towards this kind of spiritual unification or contribution of India in the larger human life.
So, in the essay titled, The Doctrine of Sacrifice, he stated the necessity to regard the nation as an essential unit, but no more in a common humanity.
So, the recognition or acknowledgement of humanity is perhaps as significant as the national independence or national liberation.
Because, as we have discussed certainly, in Tagore, nationalism as an organized form of form for the pursuit of selfish interest.
Aurobindo, perhaps, also, realized without the picture of the common humanity, nationalism may turn into a kind of national ego which can convert itself as a collective selfishness at the cost of larger humanity or the unity among the humanity.
So, in a sense, in Aurobindoís thought, this connection of individual with nation or community with the larger humanity is.
integral or interrelated where he did not see each as separate or in isolation or in autonomous from the other as many nationalist leaders thought about or think about.
For him, the Gita did not represent one of the many philosophies of ancient period, but a synthesis of many philosophies in unity and in comprehensiveness.
In his essays on Gita, Aurobindo portrayed the text not to be understood in its metaphysical connotation.
of the ancient time, but in renewed relevance of the living truths that it contains.
So, his interpretation or essay on Gita was more towards future oriented rather than reverting or reviving the past.
So, Gita was viewed not as a means to unravelling the past, but a way forward to the future horizon.
So, creation of something new, something that is there in future, something which is more progressive from the.
present.
And he writes, we do not belong to the past dawn, but to the noons of the future.
But just as the past synthesis have taken those which preceded them for their starting point, so also must that of the future proceed from what the great bodies of realized spiritual thought and experience have given.
So, for him, Gita and such texts or the understanding of Sanatana Dharma is that starting point to create something in the future which is more broader, much bigger, more progressive than.
than in the present.
So, his assertion of the future is related to the Hegelian theme of subjective freedom through an ongoing transformation.
Here, he employed the qualities of Prakriti's which is related to the Indian tripartite understanding of tamas, rajas and sattva and karma, jnana and bhakti yoga to understand this transformation.
So, for Aurobindo, tamas represents a state of ignorance, rajas the will of action and sattva is the… will to discover the truth of oneself and the world.
Combination of Rajas and Sattva drives man to the path of yoga and in Karma Yoga, man seeks to arrive at truth through his desireless action.
In Jnana Yoga, he does not only refuse the result of his action but also, disregard himself as the actor.
And in Bhakti Yoga, he has pure devotion to the Supreme Self regarding it as the self of all other self.
So, through these methods, in Aurobindo, what one find and one can conclude.
is that realization of true self of the being is possible when enabling or conducive environment for such realization is provided by community and religion.
So, this method which he takes from Gita is merely to be a starting point and it should not be narrowly, interpreted and defined as it is done by many other scholars.
So, for him, these methods, the teachings are the basis or the starting point for creating something which is towards unity.
among the human of different communities or different nations.
So, by way of that, we come to conclude this lecture on Aurobindo Ghosh.
Here, one thing that is very significant in Aurobindo's thought is his holistic vision of human evolution.
So, he sees the human as a progressive evolutionary being from one stage to the next stage.
And this is considered as a great contribution to political theory.
And here, Mehta was greatly influenced by his idea of integral pluralism which we have discussed that different community can achieve its own character and yet, realize the unity or truth of sameness or truth as manifestation of oneís, one supreme self and that be the basis of human unity is something which is very relevant and alternative to the liberal or the Marxist conception.
But there are some confusions, some complexities and mysticism in his thought as well and that becomes the basis for his criticism.
One of such criticism is that his ideas remained limited to an esoteric circle, partly, due to the use of obscure language perhaps as we have discussed his views on Gita, Sanatana and Dharma may or may not be as familiar or as accessible to someone coming from other different.
intellectual or religious social tradition.
So, because of such use of obscure language and also, for the lack of a concrete plan to relate to the human needs of the present.
So, what is the immediate need, political, social, economic need?
He is excessive or obsessive focus with the spiritual, divine or religious aspect of human life or individual life somewhat compromise with the necessity or requirement of the present.
social, political and economic life.
And that makes his thought perhaps significant, yet limited to an esoteric circle which is in pursuit of such religious and spiritual life and must remain somewhat indifferent to some of his great teachings.
Moreover, he did not take into consideration the socio-economic and the historical processes of his period, thus maintaining a gulf of theory and action.
So, many of his teachings remain.
in the confines of theory or contemplative in nature because he kept himself aloof from the political activity as it was unfolding in India.
So, Jawaharlal Nehru writes about many attempts to invite Aurobindo to respond or participate in the political activities was ineffectual because of his isolation or isolationism.
or involvement in the spiritual work or spiritual discipline and yogic exercises.
So, that was some of the criticism and this is also, because of the time in which Aurobindo was writing, because of the over dominating nature of the British or foreign rule and also, lack of a clear possible future horizon.
of his generation.
And therefore, the recourse to religious tradition, religious vocabulary leads to some kind of confusion which is perhaps, explicit in many of his writings.
And he remains somewhat of secure also.
And yet, Aurobindoís thought is perhaps, very significant in terms of thinking about the global order, unity among the different communities or global order which is possible.
even without and that global order is a kind of decolonized understanding of self, community and the global order which remains perhaps, his greatest contribution in twentieth century which needs to be further explored and examined.
Now, on this lecture, you can look at some of these writings, foundation of Indian political thought and also, Peter Hayes, situating Sri Aurobindo and from some of his own writings like human cycle, the ideal of human unity.
war and self-determination.
And finally, from Thomas Pantham and Kenneth Deutch, Political Thought in Modern India, there is a chapter on Aurobindo Ghosh.
So, you can refer to these resources for understanding Aurobindo Ghosh, his views on self, religion and community.
So, thank you.
Thank you.
Hello everyone, this is the last to end the concluding lecture on Swami Vivekananda and his views on revitalization of Indian life.
In our previous lecture, we have just discussed Vivekananda and his life, the times of Vivekananda, the challenges India was facing and his spiritual urge and his reinterpretation of Advaita Vedanta as practical Vedanta or new Vedanta and how he influenced a great many nationalist leaders.
In this lecture, particularly, we will focus more on his views on revitalization of Indian life and also, very briefly, his views on democracy, state, individual freedom, etc.
And finally, we will conclude his thought.
So, when Vivekananda was engaged in his spiritual or religious pursuits, there were many challenges that India was facing and he was deeply and emotionally distressed by what was happening to the millions of Indians.
So, this quote perhaps, express the objective that Vivekananda was trying to achieve.
He says that the great national sin is the neglect of the masses and that is one of the causes of our downfall.
So, we neglect the masses that is the greatest sin and that is the cause of our downfall.
Therefore, no amount of politics would be of any avail until the masses in India are once more well-educated, well-fed and well-cared for.
So, for Vivekananda, revitalization of Indian life and Indian nationhood is possible only when the masses of India are well-educated, are revitalized and that can happen only through well-education, well-care or well-fed healthy India.
So, in Vivekananda, the connection of spiritual, religious is deeply connected with the material or the economic as well.
So, for him, the greatest sin that we have is the neglect of the masses.
So, the politics that we have is actually limited to a very select limited group.
which do not really engage or connect with the masses.
And that is the biggest reason for our downfall which can be changed only, when the masses are well fed, well cared for and well educated.
So, that is his whole focus.
So, the salvation of India and its problem lies within the revitalization of the masses.
So, within the larger question of contemporary India and her problems, he focused on two interrelated and the critical issues.
So, for Vivekananda, the various challenges that India was facing is related to the two interrelated issues.
First is there was the exploitative nature of British colonial rule and second, the several social ills were endemic to the indigenous society.
So, the first was the British rule and its exploitative nature and the second is the social ills of all kinds that was endemic to the indigenous society and these two interrelated issues are the main reason for degradation of Indian society and community.
So, colonial rule observed Vivekananda had hypnotized the Indian mind.
and taken away its dignity and self-belief.
Therefore, the minds of Indians had to be decolonized first, so that it could become more responsive towards the freedom.
So, Vivekananda, when he was articulating about the Indian response to the exploitative nature of British, the historical circumstances were such that Indians were more or less succumbed or submitted to the fate, resigned to the fate and believed that the karma was such that they are they were in their given condition.
So, that kind of resignation to faith or renounce deeply disturbed Vivekananda and he thought that this kind of resignation or moving away from the active life and submitting to the faith is a result of this colonial rule.
where the Indian psyche, Indian mind, they could not think of any alternative or any possible resistance to the British rule and its exploitative policies and programs.
And that is something, which Vivekananda was trying to revive through reinterpretation of Hinduism, giving these masses the self-reliance or self-belief and confidence in their activities, their life which enables them to.
to create a life which is more conducive for their temperament and according to their will.
So, the belief or the self-belief and the self-reliance is something which Vivekananda was trying to impart or trying to explain to the millions of Indians through his writings, through his speeches, especially, to the youth.
The recurring injustices and the suspension of basic civil liberties in colonial India pained Swami.
And he stated that the no good can be done when the main idea is blood sucking.
So, Vivekananda was very clear about the exploitative nature of the colonial rule and he did not realize in the unlike many of his contemporaries which believed in the just nature of the British rule or the intention of British rule as fair.
Vivekananda realized the exploitative or the blood sucking nature of the British rule which he believed that from that kind of rule, no good can be achieved.
He also then, thoughted the ability of social legislation in a situation where the authority to make laws was not in the hands of the people.
Therefore, he emphasized on the creating the power, the sanction from which the law will So, for Vivekananda, the social legislation to improve the condition of the masses to make some practices unlawful will not help unless the law is legislated by the people themselves.
And only when the sanction of the people is attached with the law, then it acquires the authority and then it can transform the social and economic condition of the people.
Without such sanction of the people, no amount of social legislation can help in improving the Indian situation.
So, Swami realized that without a proper aim, reforms campaign of that time damaged Indiaís social unity.
created enmity among classes and communities.
He was unhappy with the social reformism of the day being essentially, an upper caste or class affair that took up for consideration issues that affected the stratum of society alone of that stratum of society alone.
So, Swami Vivekananda was not happy with the campaign or the social reforms that was taking place precisely, because for in his opinion, it was not a good thing.
it was limited to only that stratum of the society alone.
So, Swami Vivekananda was trying to transcend that the elitist or the upper caste orientation of the social reforms movement of his time.
So, therefore, we see in Vivekananda, the urge not just for a spiritual attainment or religious experiences, but also, in reforming social, economic and the political condition of millions of the masses beyond the upper caste or the upper class stratum of Indian society.
In his time, he produced strongly anti-Brahmin speech and writings and accused that they are responsible for the inhuman treatment of the masses.
So, Vivekananda was very critical of the caste practices or the social hierarchy of India, where one section of society was benefiting, profiting by reducing or by giving inhuman or treating many millions or the majority of Indian people.
and compelling them to live in subhuman conditions.
So, for that degenerated condition of the million of masses, he considered the Brahmins as the responsible for such condition of the masses.
And he was also not just limited to the Indian nationhood or Indian nationalism, but also, someone struggling to unite the mankind.
each of these society and the challenges of the world as a whole.
So, Vivekananda came to appreciate the need for empathy and caution in dealing with different social arrangements.
According to him, the solution to Indiaís problem lies in creating a greater bond of empathy between the classes.
So, different sections, different stratum of Indian societies living in complete aloofness or in isolation from each other was the reason for Indiaís misery and that can be overcome only when individual develop this empathy.
or fraternity or solidarity between different classes and communities.
That can only help not just in generating social unity or social harmony, but also, in attainment of the national objective and without that the society will remain fractured and that will not suit the purpose of nationalist struggle.
So, for him, the revitalization of Indian life where different stratum, different section of society can feel or empathize with each other and then form a unity and then they together can struggle for something greater for a nation or for a humanity at large is possible only through the revitalization of Indian life.
And he suggested three solutions for such revitalization.
First was emancipation of women.
Then, upliftment of the masses and the positive education, only through these, one can think of or imagine revitalization of Indian life which was so degraded, so worthless that it was impossible for many to believe that India can attain its freedom.
So, many scholars have argued during the first phase of struggle for Indian independence, simply the question of attaining independence was absent.
from the horizon of their imagination because of the such a miserable degrading social economic condition of the people that many of them resigned to the faith.
So, to the faith and Vivekananda was trying to give them a strength or self-belief in asserting not just the individuality or the dignity of human being, but also, the collective strength of Indian society and community and that is why Vivekananda is very important.
crucial to understand modern Indian political thinking.
So, for him, this revitalization is possible when the half of the population that is women is also educated and that education is to enable them to not just govern their home or nurture the children or perform their responsibility to family or to community, but also, help in the regeneration of the society.
of individual in a sense of spiritual or religious awakening.
So, that will happen when the door of education is open to the women and they are empowered, the spiritual and the religious wisdom or treatises are open and accessible to the women as well.
So, once they are educated, then the family, the society and the community can also be empowered and spiritualized.
The next is the upliftment of the masses.
So, as we have seen in the beginning of this lecture that the root cause of Indiaís problem was the neglect of the masses.
So, unless the masses are awakened or socially and economically, empowered, India cannot attain anything worthwhile.
And result of this neglect is the continuous or consistent downfall of India as a society or as a nation which can be reverted only when the masses of India are empowered or uplifted.
And here, one has to understand the sensibility.
or empathy of Vivekananda which is not limited to the spiritual or the religious side of human existence, but equally, sensitive to the economic and the material needs of the masses.
So, for him, to a man who is hungry to teach them Gita is adding insult to their already many wounds or the problems that they were facing in the life.
So, for him, So, this material or the economic needs of the masses are as important as the teaching of Gita or Vedas or Upanishads.
So, the upliftment of the masses are necessary for the revitalization of Indian life.
And finally, the positive education, for him, education is something which alone can revitalize or give the masses the hope or the self-belief in achieving something which is greater, something which is good.
And for him, the education is not just memory.
or accumulation of facts or information.
But it is to develop a holistic personality or the complete personality for which he wanted a new positive education where the spiritual or the religious teaching or the mysticism of the East is combined with the scientific or the technological teachings of the West.
And in that way, the rational or the pragmatic side of the human existence is not neglected.
So, Vivekananda was articulating modern education or positive education in a way which which will produce a holistic personality, where the purpose of education is not to accumulate the facts or memorize the facts, but to develop a character, develop a personality committed to a society or a community.
And in that sense, the education is more professional, more scientific, at the same time, inclusive of the spiritual or the religious side of human existence.
for which he believes is the true foundation of fraternity among the mankind or to bridge the differences of all kinds be it social, religious, economic and others.
So, the positive education will help in revitalization of Indian life.
And here, it is also very significant to note that for Vivekananda, the education should not be limited to education a learned or limited section of Indian society which was the case for very long time and that he considered as the major reason for the downfall of Indian civilization or Indian society.
He wanted education or Sanskrit language or teaching should be accessible not just to the masses, but also, to the women and that only that way in a spiritual or religious India can realize itself and revitalize itself and then assert its own character or its own identity.
So, Swami Vivekananda provided a new impulse and meanings to the older tradition and tried to revive the dormant elements in Indian tradition, its fullness and life.
So, Vivekananda was in a way, rekindling the dormant side of Indian personality or Indian civilization and that was perhaps, his greatest contribution which continued to inspire many generation of nationalist leaders and many of our contemporary political and religious leaders as well.
He however, admitted that he modelled his ethical activism.
on the lines of Buddha and the Vedantic message, he tried to disseminate in India and the West, had deep philosophical roots in Shankar, Advaita Vedanta and the pre-modern thinkers.
So, Vivekananda, in his thinking or in the intellectual expertise was a commodity of different tradition of thinking or theorization including Buddhism, Vedanta, western philosophy and certainly, Advaita Vedanta of Shankar.
So, unlike his own guru Shri Ramakrishna, Vivekananda did not feel that he was a great moral activities in this world were only a preparatory step to higher spiritual ends.
Rather in his treatises, Karmayoga and the London lectures which is collectively known as practical Vedanta, he argued that the moral responsibility is the combination of something born out of some religious feeling and an autonomous self-procreating act.
So, many of the beliefs and practices of Ramakrishna, he inverted.
And for him, the task of individual or his moral responsibility is the combination of something which is born out of the religious feelings as well as the autonomous and self-propriating individual acts.
So, combination of self and the religious feeling is something which help in the attainment of moral or higher spiritual ends, not just the kind of moral activities alone.
He understood the need.
for philosophical brilliance, but at the same time, admitted that purely by itself, human revolution cannot happen.
He believed that no human scheme of spiritual and philosophical attainments can emancipate human world without liberal and public spiritual activity.
So, for Vivekananda, for human transformation or social transformation is possible not because of theorization or philosophical brilliance alone.
But it has to be combined with liberal and the public spirited activity that is the rule of empathy, the fellow feelings or the sense of solidarity among the fellow human beings that alone can bring about the social or human transformation and not just merely, by the philosophical brilliance.
were based on the commonplace assumption that politics and religion were two entirely different worlds completely unbridgeable.
So, this is in the view of Vivekananda, where he tend to consider politics merely as a kind of narrow limited instrumental ways of solving the social political challenges and religious as something which is central, which is the basis or the foundation for any social, political and economic regeneration.
And this connection between religion and politics remain a kind of enigma.
to many modern Indian politics.
So, gradually, we see from the Raja Ram Mohan Roy or Aravind Ghosh, even Tagore and Vivekananda kind of understanding of religion to more in Gandhi or Iqbal and finally, in Nehru or to some extent, in Savarkar.
So, this connection between religion and politics is something, which is a challenge for us to exactly, demarcate between what is politics and what is religion.
In Vivekananda's understanding and articulation, the religion or the spirituality which is the basis of human existence or individual social.
or collective existence is something which enables him to enter into the fields of politics, so called narrowly defined platform or the space and combine it with the moral, ethical and spiritual side of humanity.
And there he thought about the politics as something which is nonsense, not really helpful in really transforming the individual.
individual life or the degraded condition of the masses.
So, for the future reconstruction of the country, he consistently stressed the value of committed work and interested this largely to the youth.
For him, young men and women represented not just unbounded energy and enthusiasm, but also, greater integrity and the innocence.
So, for him, the regeneration of any society, revitalization of any society is possible only when these the young.
or the youth are more committed or empathize with the larger cause of the collective existence and not guided by their narrow self-interest.
So, for the reconstruction of the country or revitalization of the country, he stressed the value of committed work and thought that largely, the youth which represents not just unbounded energy and enthusiasm, but also, greater integrity and innocence can really transform.
or revitalize the Indian social life.
And while explaining that he was not discriminating or classifying works for him, all works was self-justifying and instructive in its own way.
And therefore, he emphasized on the equality of all works, value of all works.
So, unlike many scholars or other contemporary Indian thinkers who believes in the social hierarchy or different value attached to different kind of works, there is a kind of equality or socialism in a very unique sense in Vivekananda also, where he gave equal importance to all works without any kind of discrimination.
And this work is ultimately, to revitalize the collective common life of Indian nation or Indian country.
So, he was of the view that Indiaís problem could be overcome only by embracing other people, their methods and their ideas in a constructive spirit.
And therefore, he is also considered someone like Bupendranath Dutta, consider him, Indianism was his religion.
For Vivekananda, his nationalistic or deeply embedded nationalist view was so strong that all works, spiritual or material is ultimately, guided towards upliftment of the Indian masses or regeneration of Indian society.
And therefore, he is considered as his religion is considered as Indianism or transformation of Indian social and cultural selfhood.
He alerted his countrymen of the serious need to examine how the engine of society worked in other countries.
to keep free and open communication with what was going on in their minds of other nations, if they themselves wanted to be a nation.
For the revitalization of the nation, it is necessary to learn or develop oneís own self by learning from the experiences of the other countries and the communication which is free and open is vital for the realization of such nationhood.
So, according to Vivekananda, religion is not an end by itself.
It is merely a means.
The goal of religion is the human growth.
social regeneration, social harmony and social merit in a spiritual, economic, cultural and educational.
Hence, religion is not only limited within the four walls interest, it is rather a wider concept, a social and a universal concept.
So, for Vivekananda, religion is something which is much broader, much bigger than a narrow limited conception of a particular belief systems or form of practice.
For him, it is the basis of social, economic, political, national and also universal.
self which one can understand or develop by looking and learning and in conversation with each other among different groups and different communities.
Now, briefly, on caste system which is divided into Varanashram system and other forms of hierarchical relationship.
Swamiji expressed his faith in Varanashram system, but in a rationalized four Varna division.
He says, as there are sattva, rajas and tamas, one or the other of these gunas more or less in every man.
So, the qualities which make a Brahmin, a Kshatriya, a Vaishya or a Sudra are inherent in every man more or less.
At the same time, one or the other of these qualities predominates in him in varying degrees and is manifested accordingly.
So, his views on caste system is not really very consistent and opposite to the practices.
But he he understand the manifestation of this different gunas which he called sattva, rajas and tamas in each one of us.
And that creates or that appears to create a kind of distinction between different groups, different individuals depending upon the which gunas are predominantly manifested in his or her personalities.
He was very critical of the prevailing conservatism and he condemned the old orthodox Brahminical practices of exclusion of Sudra.
or the other masses from the benefits of Vedic knowledge.
So, for a very long time in India, the knowledge of Vedas or the Sanskrit learning was confined to a particular caste also, particular stratum of the society, especially Brahmins.
Swami Vivekananda was very critical of such practices.
And he believed that the solution of caste problem in India was not to bring down the higher caste or classes to the lower levels, but to raise the lower up to the higher.
So, he wanted them to be imparted Sanskrit learning or the Vedic knowledge which is the basis for spiritualization or the.
transformation of Indian society or Indian nationhood.
So, he wanted to uplift the masses to the level of the higher stratum of society rather than vice versa.
In a way, this is connected to the M. N. Srinivas idea of Sanskritization, where the immediate caste tries to imitate the practices, norms and values of their immediate superior caste.
And in that way, at one point of time, one can attain the similar level of social, economic, cultural and political status.
So, Vivekananda was trying to create that kind of society.
to solve the caste problem in India.
He was also, in a strong advocate of duties and he wanted that all individual and groups should be loyal to the discharge of their obligation.
And the glory of the human being consists not in self-assertion, but in self-dedication for the realization of the universal good.
Hence, although Vivekananda was himself a monk and a sanyasi, he accorded the highest place also, to the householder who performs his duties in a selfless spirit of detachment.
So, for Vivekananda, obligation, service towards other and the responsibility.
not just for self-assertion, but dedication to the larger cause of humanity comes much more, becomes more preferable, more worthy than merely mere existence or renouncing or living in a kind of isolation.
And therefore, he attached the duties of householders, who performs his duties in a more detached way.
towards other sacrificing his resources or his share with others and contributing in the life of community as well as more preferable than the life of a monk or a sanyasi.
Now, very briefly, to discuss ideas of ideas on freedom, Vivekananda believes that freedom is the keynote of a spiritual, social and political life and social freedom and political liberty cannot be realized without moral, ethical and religious ground.
So, for Vivekananda, the freedom which is essential for the growth of individual in his social, political or economic life cannot be realized unless at the same time, there is the moral.
ethical and religious ground of such freedom.
And he considered freedom not only for maintaining religious harmony among various religious faiths and for realizing the spiritual life by the individual, but he also, thought that the individual freedom was equally, indispensable for the realization of his personality in his social and economic sphere.
So, this kind of freedom is not for just for the social harmony or realizing the spiritual life, but also, to realize the individual personality in his social and economic life.
And he therefore, wanted to make freedom as a natural possession of all individuals.
In his words, Liberty does not certainly mean the absence of obstacles in the path of misappropriation of wealth etc.
by you and me, but it is our natural right to be allowed to use our own body intelligence or wealth according to our will without doing any harm to others.
So, this is a kind of liberal strand in his thought also and it reflected in many of our constitutional provisions and also, supreme court's judgments also.
On democracy, Vivekananda came to believe that some form of government by the people is in the process of making and pointed out that with pointed out with certainty that the future belongs to the masses.
So, if you remember from the very beginning, we have seen that how Vivekananda considers the upliftment of the masses as a prerequisite for the revitalization of Indian life or attainment of Indian nationhood.
Similarly, on democracy or on social legislation, So, here the use of Sudra and such terminology is not just to refer to one caste, but to use it and interpret it in a way which is very different from the earlier use of such terms in Indian context.
So, by democracy, he meant not representative or indirect democracy.
Democracy for him is a man-making process.
It inculcates faith, self-reliance and self-government.
That is the basis of democracy.
rule or individual realization or realization of freedom in individual and collective life, which inculcates faith, self-reliance and self-government in the individual.
For him, democracy is not something which is a form of representative government or consent of the people, but it enables, it is a process which enables the individual to realize his true self or true objective in life.
So, Vivekanandaís supreme faith in inalienability of freedom, equality and unity made him espouse democracy as a way of life and not merely as a form of democracy.
Now, speaking on democracy as a form of government, he maintained that social evolution was possible through the cyclical rule of caste system.
So, the Brahminís role may be the accumulation of his spiritual love, Kshatriya role promoting science and civilization, Vesya rule forging international context and Sudra rule paving the way for mass involvement in the political process and the activities.
So, he uses the terminology and vocabulary, but reinterpreted in a way which can be reconciled with the modern form of governance or democracy as a rule by the people, for the people and of the people as Lincoln has said.
So, as the philosophy of Vedanta is inconsistent with the present party system, Vivekananda also criticized party system and he laid emphasis on the man making process through sacred and the secular education.
Vivekananda was re-interpreter of Vedanta in a new way or as a practical Vedanta which enables the human being to realize his true self or attain the objective of his or her life according to his or her own will.
That is possible only, when there is a process of governance which enables the individual to realize such objectives or such meanings and party system.
was a kind of obstruct or a kind of limitation to such relation.
And therefore, he criticized the party system to as a kind of obstruction to such kind of democratic process of character building or man making.
He affirmed international unity and brotherhood through national diversities and religious and cultural varieties.
He advocated for the combination of the spirituality of the East with the spirit of social service and organizational capacity of the West.
And this realization of true self or combination of sacred and the secular enables Vivekananda to understand or to forge.
a relationship not just among different sections of Indian nation, but also, international unity and brotherhood as well.
Now, to briefly, discuss the significance of Vivekananda and his thought, we can begin with Ravindranath Tagore and he wrote a letter to Nobel laureate Norman Rowland and he wrote that if you want to know India, study Vivekananda.
In him, everything is positive and nothing negative.
So, in Ravindranath Tagore, as we have seen that for him, the regeneration of India is to connect to its own self.
And the break that was happening after the colonial dominance or hegemony, Tagore was deeply disturbed by such dominance and hegemony.
And he find in Vivekananda, everything that is representative of India or manifestation of Indian ethos and values.
And he therefore, recommend Roman Roland to study Vivekananda to know about India.
Vivekananda certainly, occupies a great place in modern Indian political thought.
Because, the teachings and the personality of Swamiji had a great influence on the nationalist movement not only in Bengal, but in contemporary India as well or the whole of India of his time as well.
His preachings regarding nationalism or universal humanism, education, socialism, equality greatly impressed the contemporary leaders and the freedom fighters.
His writings inspired the freedom movement of India and activists like Subhas Chandra Bose, Aravind Ogose.
Mahatma Gandhi, Ravana Tagore, Jawaharlal Nehru and many others.
He was a great social realist and the deep social realism of Vivekananda is also revealed in his statement that India's political slavery for a thousand years of foreign rule is rooted in the separation of the masses.
And he was also a great patriot with a burning love for the motherland.
He was a sanyasi, a monk but deeply and emotionally, connected with the challenges or the conditions of the masses.
And he thought the concept of a spiritual freedom, but it resulted in the popularization of the other aspects of freedom including the political as well.
Some of the terrorists and nationalists of Bengal learned the value and sanctity of freedom from his famous poem songs of Sanyasi.
The sacrifice, the value of sacrifice for the motherland was something which deeply inspired many revolutionaries and nationalists of Bengal and many others.
So, in a way, in Vivekananda, we have not just a thinker, but through his life, he was and message, he remains a kind of icon for many leaders and especially, the youth of our country even in contemporary times.
So, Swami Vivekananda is someone which cannot be reduced to a kind of selective projection of either a sanyasi or a monk or merely a nationalist or as a humanist, but he combines different strands of thought in his.
philosophy and thinking and was deeply committed to the revitalization of Indian life which is what we have focused in these two lectures.
And of course, there are many sides or aspects of his teachings in the realm of religion, spirituality or the contemplative or meditative exercises through different system of yoga like Jnana Yoga, Karma Yoga, Raja Yoga and many others.
But we have focused mainly on his engagement with the practical, political condition of India and how to revitalize Indian society and Indian life.
So, on this, you can refer to some of these texts which is like Vivekananda Cultural Nationalism by Amiya P Sen, Thinking Community Relevance of Media by Ganga Mukherjee, Swami Vivekananda Sanitary by Swami Nikhilananda, Writing Vivekananda by Jyotirmaya Sharma and from Vivekananda to colored by Madhubanthi Ghosh and also, Sociopolitical Thoughts of Swami Vivekananda in Indian Constitutional Philosophy by Nilay Bhagyachi.
And in this particular reading, you can find.
how many of his thoughts are contained in Indian constitution and many of the supreme court judgments as well.
And finally, the social and political philosophy of Swami Vivekananda by V. K. Arara.
There are many other texts also, which you can refer to besides these on Vivekananda and his social and political philosophy and why he is considered as the prophet of modern Indian nationalism or modern Hinduism.
So, thanks for listening.
Let us know what you think about this lecture and feel free to write your comments and queries.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends.
Today, in this lecture, we are going to discuss our next thinker that is Mahatma Gandhi.
And we will discuss from his thinking or thought, first his critique of modern civilization or Hind Swaraj and then also, idea and his ideas or his dream about India from his book called India of my dreams.
So, these are the two thematics which we are going to discuss from Mahatma Gandhi and this two theme is divided into three lectures.
So, today is the first lecture of this.
three lecture part on Mahatma Gandhi.
And we will discuss today, his personal political life, intellectual influence or intellectual context or historical context in which Gandhiji was actively involved at the same time developing some of his profound ideas which shaped the politics of modern India and provided the leadership to the congress.
And also, some of the key themes in his political thought like Satyagraha, non-violence, Sarvodaya, and his views on state and society.
And finally, we will conclude.
In the next lecture, we will discuss or focus more on his critique of modern civilization through his text, Hinduswaraj.
And finally, in the third part of this series or third lecture, we will discuss Gandhiís vision or dreams about India and also conclude.
this series by situating Gandhi and his thought in the larger context of modern Indian political thought and his response and debates to many or with many thinkers like B. R. Ambedkar, Rabindranath Tagore, etc.
So, that is how we are going to discuss Mahatma Gandhi and his political thought.
So, in this lecture, we will begin with his personal political life and as well as some of the key themes.
So, as we are aware that Mahatma Gandhi which is also known as Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, is regarded as the father of the nation.
And all his initiatives, political activism, self-reflection, experimentation with thought and his social reforms movements, his ultimate objective was search after truth.
So, for Gandhi, truth was his god and this god or truth, he wanted to find or experience through the method of non-violence or satyagraha.
And to experience or to find that truth, Gandhi equally emphasized both on the purity of means and ends.
And using these ideals of truth, satyagraha, non-violence and putting equal emphasis on means and ends, he transformed the freedom struggle of India and turned it as a mass movement, cutting across different divides based on caste, religion, class.
So, prior to the Gandhi, Indian struggle for freedom was largely, carried or led by a western educated or English educated tiny section of Indian middle class.
And Gandhi, for the first time, energized the masses and involved them in the struggle for freedom.
So, prior to that, politics is seen as a kind of spectator for the masses to be seen from distance and something, where the middle class can only play a role for them or on behalf of them.
For the first time, Gandhi instilled the belief in them to directly participate in the politics and that can shape or transform the society and politics and also, made the freedom struggle more effective and this he did in a unique non-violent way.
These ideals remain very fundamental to his politics, to his political philosophy and to the many initiatives he undertook during the freedom struggle.
And he also provided, he was the...
unmatched or unrivaled leader of Indian freedom struggle from 1920s after the death of Balgengadhar Tilak till India attained independence in 1947.
So, recognizing or acknowledging this fact, Judith M. Braun writes that the single most important organizer of the numerous movements that co-herd loosely as nationalist movement against imperial rule in India.
So, Gandhi was credited with his organizational capacity to bring together different sections of society.
and put forward a united front against the British rule.
So, this he did in a very unique way of understanding the condition and also, the strength of the masses and Gandhi, in that sense, transformed and made greatest contribution in the freedom struggle.
And he also emphasized on the ethical and moral side of politics and not just instrumental or a kind of very.
narrowly sense of doing politics for the power or accumulation of power etcetera.
So, Gandhi in a way, when he was mobilizing the masses for the political struggle, he was also preparing them or empowering them to change social, religious or economic condition of their life and how to lead a good life, how to lead a life which is self-ruled.
or Swaraj which is not merely a political independence, but something which is more than that when individual is himself or herself capable of governing themselves without relying to any outside forces.
So, Gandhi has a very multiple dimension of his thought and his political activities and he was a crusader in so many ways.
Now, the Gandhi and the significance of his action and thought or as a political leader is not limited to India, but many of his ideals like Satyagraha or non-violence.
has wider audience across the globe.
These ideals inspired a great many movements in modern world such as Martin Luther King when he was organizing or leading civil rights movement in USA or Nelson Mandela against the apartheid regime in South Africa.
They were greatly influenced and inspired by the ideals of Mahatma Gandhi and his ideals and methods remains a continuous source of inspiration for numerous protest movements and mass mobilization in contemporary world.
So, the significance and relevance of Gandhi was not limited.
or confined to the time in which he was acting or involved in political struggle.
But it transcends the geographical boundary of India and as well as the limitation of time and space, where he remains relevant even to the contemporary world as well.
And many social movements or resistance movement derive their inspiration or strength from Gandhian modes of protest.
Satyagraha or non-violence or fast which is frequent in even our contemporary politics.
So, in Gandhi, what you also see that apart from being an activist who is deeply and actively involved in the politics of his time, Gandhi was also a great thinker and was perhaps greatest among the first wave of anti-colonial intellectuals.
So, there are different ways of contesting the domination or hegemony of colonial knowledge or Orientalism which Said calls.
So, the colonial production of knowledge was challenged by many thinkers and during the first wave of anti-colonial intellectual, Gandhi was perhaps, the greatest, greatest thinker to articulate the damage that colonial rule do not just to the physical or material condition of the colony, but also, the intellectual or the psyche.
of the colonial subject.
So, he was countering to the psychological or the intellectual hegemony of colonial knowledge production as well.
And for Anthony J. Perel, the philosophy of Gandhiji is the most significant aspect of his life and it is due to relevance of Gandhijiís methods for India and abroad even today.
Perel has recently classified his political philosophy as Pax.
So, he is a very unique original novel thinker responding to the time in which he was actively involved in the politics, but his ideas and methods remain relevant even today.
So, it transcends the limitation of time and space and therefore, he is his thought and methods are classified by Perel as the Pax Gandhian methods and message remains.
relevant and it has its own unique logic or the epistemology to understand the world, to respond the world and to challenge, to solve the challenges that contemporary world is facing.
So, now, to look at very briefly about his brief biography, he was born at Porbandar in Gujarat to Putlibai and Karamchand Gandhi in 1869 and he was relatively from a prosperous family.
His father was a Diwan of the Rajkot.
And he was married to Kasturba in his childhood and both of them were at the age of 13 when they married.
And Kasturba remained a lifelong companion of Gandhiji in many of his initiatives and social or religious reforms movements.
Now, after completing his high school, Gandhiji went to England to study law which he completed in two and half years and returned to India in 1891.
Then after return to India, he tried to establish himself as a lawyer, but he had very little success in.
in his legal profession and soon joined a Gujarati trading firm in South Africa in 1893.
And in South Africa, he really began his political activism, his reflection or his thinking about many of the challenges that contemporary world including India was facing.
So, it is during his overseas life and exposure to the foreign countries, he came into contact with Christianity and also Islam.
And this close contact with Christianity and he visited many church to understand the best message or learn best message of Bible or studied Quran.
This enabled him to question dogmas of his own religion and offered an outlook to look at religion beyond particular religious tradition.
So, Gandhiji himself being a deeply religious person, asserted himself as a Sanatani Hindu.
Yet, he was not a kind of narrow fanatic or narrow fanatic Hindu and accommodative or understand the true meaning or true message of all religions as one and same.
So, in through his prayers, through his various activities, he remained a deeply religious person, but define or interpret the religion in such a way which can accommodate all forms of religious worship or religious.
tradition.
And for him, religion did not mean any specific religious creed, but a quest for ethical value and that ethical value for him remains truth and non-violence.
So, search of truth, the experiment with truth as he entitled his autobiography.
So, his whole life was this experiment with truth and that he wanted to do through following not a kind of rationalistic or modern.
modern rational approach to life and to society, to politics, but he remained embedded in the religious practices or tradition of Hinduism, but interpreted it liberally and accommodated it in a way, where it can accommodate different practices, different religious system, religious system as well.
And for him, the task of all these religions beyond dogmas, beyond their particularity is to search for truth or that truth has to be searched or experienced through the non-violence means where the means and ends are equally significant.
So, unlike many scholars like certainly, utilitarians greatest good of the greatest number Gandhiji method was the means is as important perhaps.
as ends which is contrary to the many political thinkers and leaders of his time.
So, this toleration or liberal interpretation of religion Gandhiji developed precisely, because of his study or close engagement with the religious text of Christianity or Islam, but also, the affinities of affinities with these religions during his foreign visits.
It is his exposure to England and South Africa.
Something crucial happens with Gandhiji and that is the development of an all India consciousness, first and foremost, over the provincial or the local identity.
So, if you look at the growth of or the evolution of modern Indian political thinkers or leaders, they started with their provinces and even in provinces from their smaller local community level identities and then, they further developed into a kind of all India.
all India leader or thinker, but they remain grounded or embedded in their local provincial identities.
And this remains a kind of complex with the Indian identity as such where we simultaneously carry different kind of identities, certainly, one as a provincial identity and other as a national identity.
So, those trends in modern Indian self-hood or modern Indian being is very much there even in contemporary times.
But for Gandhi, So, something really unique happened where he developed this all India consciousness first and foremost over any other kind of local or provincial identities, be it caste, be it religion or language or any other identity.
So, for first and foremost, Gandhiji imagined himself, envisioned himself as a all Indian, then a Gujarati, then a Kathawari, then a Banya and so on and so forth.
And, this he developed because of his engagement, because of his exposure in England or in South Africa and most importantly, in South Africa with different communities from Christian to Tamil to various communities settled in South Africa, their different backgrounds that help Gandhiji to develop this all India consciousness which becomes a kind of strength or a kind of.
different approach in his political activities.
And he started and the other side of his life was that unlike many modern Indian thinkers, Gandhiji started his political activism and experimented with truth in South Africa.
And he established an ashram there, Tolstoy Ashram, which soon became the centre of his numerous social, religious and political reforms movement.
And he first, experimented with the non-violence method.
of political protest in South Africa against the discriminatory policies of colonial government.
There, he led and motivated the Indian settlers to fight for their right and dignity and for this purpose, he mobilized the public opinion in India as well.
So, Gandhiís political activity started in South Africa and here, there is a kind of criticism of Gandhi also because of his involvement in Boer war and sided with the British.
And here, in the racial hierarchy of the colonial white settlers, Indians and the indigenous population, he wanted some kind of better treatment or treatment to the Indians which is criticized by.
So, within the racial hierarchy, he wanted Indians to be given some more preferential status, but not really, question the very basis of racial hierarchy also which of course, later he evolved.
And in Gandhi also, there is a kind of and he himself quoted many times that the contradictory things.
Gandhi himself was a reflective person, constantly questioning his own beliefs, his own ideas, his own dogmas.
And we have discussed during Rabindranath Tagore and Gandhi debate, how some of his irrational or superstitions led to Tagore criticize many of the statement of Mahatma Gandhi.
So, in South Africa also, we find him.
not really questioning the very basis of racial hierarchy, but to fight for the discriminatory practices, fight against the discriminatory practices of colonial rule against the Indian settlers there.
But nonetheless, many of his thoughts and ideas were articulated and developed during this phase of Gandhiji political.
political activism.
And for this, he not only mobilized the Indian settlers in South Africa, but also, came to India and mobilized the public opinion in the support of Indians and their struggle in South Africa.
So, there Gandhi developed this notion of Satyagraha that is holding on to truth and the non-violence.
And this Satyagraha and non-violence remained the primary means of protest against all forms of injustices that Gandhiji launched.
while coming back to India throughout his life.
Now, to think about some of the intellectual influence on Gandhiji's thought and political activities, we also, find Gandhiji was also a voracious reader and he read a great many texts and treatises by western or Indian thinkers or writers alike.
And he was deeply influenced particularly by Tolstoy, some of his works like the Kingdom of God is Within You.
How Shall We Escape?
The Slavery of Our Times, Ruskin's Unto This Last, The Political Economy of Art or Carpenter's Civilization, Its Curse and Cure, Taylor's Fallacy of Speed, Henry David Thoreau's Principle of Civil Disobedience and the Satyagraha Non-violence Method to a great extent is influenced by this principle of civil disobedience, life without principle.
And he learnt the many, besides these texts, he also learnt a great many Indian texts or treatises as well.
and the many sidedness of the truth.
So, truth for him is one and it is absolute, but our knowledge of that truth, our experience of that truth is not complete, it is not absolute, it is relative.
Now, that remains a kind of Gandhiji search for realizing or experiencing the truth in its totality.
So, this idea of the many sidedness of the truth, He learned from his Gujarati Jain mystic and diamond merchant named Ravji Bhai Mehta.
Similarly, he also read Gita, Tulsiís Ramcharitmanas, Upanishads, Patanjaliís Yogisutras and Gita for him remained the most profound and most cherished text and he wrote his own interpretation to it and give it a liberal interpretation, a kind of message to act in the political life.
in a non-violent manner.
So, about Gita, there is a kind of dichotomy or contradiction in its interpretation.
For many scholars and thinkers, Gita is a text which sanctioned violence for the noble cause.
But Gandhi gave it altogether non-violent interpretation and derived a lot of inspiration and strength from this text Gita and especially, this idea of Sthitiprajna that is the man of steady mind and steady wisdom which is the ideal person for Gandhiji, he derived from Gita.
And in many of his argument or responses to various political opponents or political challenges, he remained very adamant, very firm to what he believed or what he was convinced of, even when he faced a lot of criticism, even from his contemporaries.
So, for Gandhi, the conviction in truth or belief in non-violence or Satyagraha method was something which is so firm, so convincing that he shaped or he transformed the way politics or the way masses of India participated in the political struggle including the women.
the lower caste, the Dalits or different marginalised sections.
So, through this ideal of truth or non-violence or Satyagraha Gandhiji enabled even those who are marginalised or helpless or weak to fight against the mightiest empire of that time British empire.
So, many of these ideals, so these extensive reading.
shaped many of his thought and philosophy about modern civilization, politics, religion, the masses, the form of state or the ideal of state, the ideal of society or men.
So, many of these ideas, Gandhiji developed not just through his activism or exposure to different culture, different religious tradition, but also, through his very wide or extensive reading of.
Western and Indian thinkers and writers.
Now, when Gandhi returned to India in 1915, he found an ashram in Ahmedabad and toured India extensively through train to understand the real or countryside of India and for him, that countryside, that village is a real India, the soul of India for Gandhiji lives in its villages and he did extensive tour of different parts of the country.
In the same year, when he returned to India because of his involvement in South Africa.
and helping the British to fight or suppress Zulu rebellion there.
Zulu was the indigenous tribe fighting for their right, legitimate right to live in their own land for which the foreign rule was or white rule was demanding some tax or even to live on their own land.
So, against that fight, Gandhiji formed a crop to help the British, the medical crop and for which he was awarded the Keshare Hind Gold Medal.
And he started his political activism in India from Champaran Satyagraha in Bihar in 1970.
And he was also, involved in many farmers movements or workers movement in different parts of the country especially, in Gujarat or Maharashtra.
And he mobilized the workers, the farmers or many other sections of society and formed a kind of broad based.
alliance among the often appearing or visible contradictory forces of the society and that is perhaps, the greatest contribution of Mahatma Gandhi to India's freedom struggle.
He energizes, he gives them a hope, a sense of purpose or urgency to these masses to actively, involve and believe in their capacity to dethrone the mightiest empire of that time in the form of British empire.
So, when and so far, Gandhiji was also somewhat believer.
in the good intention of the colonial rule.
So, the constitutional practices, the legal basis of the colonial rule, he thought of as something which can lead to a good outcome in India.
But with the Rowlett Act Bill and the massacre in Jallianwala Bagh in 1919, gave him enough scope and prior to that also, he was sceptical of the foreign rule and wanted Swaraj and which we will discuss in the next lecture.
But certainly, after this Rowlett Act and following massacre in Jallianwala Bagh and on top of that British refusal to punish those who ordered this mass killing, disillusioned Gandhiji faith in the justice or the good intention in the British and he began to directly confront the British.
So, during the First World War also, Gandhiji remained somewhat loyal.
to the British and their cause.
But after this, he directly, confronted the British and launched many, many, many movements.
And here also, one can see a kind of episodic involvement in Gandhiji.
So, during 90, after 1919, he started non-cooperation.
Then, in 1930s, he started civil disobedience movement and again, in 1942, quits India movement.
So, these are the three major movements Gandhiji launched against the British rule and for the remaining period.
He retreated in his ashrams, involved in many other activities which he thought of you know, reconstructing the society, enabling the society to discipline themselves or work as a satyagrahi, fearlessly to attain not just the political freedom, but also, the capacity to govern oneself, self-rule.
So, Gandhiji was So, in that sense, a leader, a political activist, but at the same time, a reformer, social reformer or a visionary who wanted to create a society based on some ethical, moral value of truth, non-violence and on that basis, only a Swaraj in true sense of the term can be achieved.
And in the course of his engagement, he engaged with many thinkers also, certainly, on the communal award when British tried to divide the Hindus in the and provide reservation among the historically, and economically, backward section of Hindu society, Gandhiji vehemently opposed it.
So, Gandhiji fought for the untouchables or what he calls the Harijans, but he was dead against any kind of further division of a Hindu society and he had to compromise on many of these things with B. R. Ambedkar which we will discuss when we will deal with Ambedkar-Gandhi debate.
So, besides, these political movements which energized the Indian masses, Gandhiji also, launched or initiated many constructive programs such as basic education.
or focus on the vocational education and this he wanted to do independently of the government.
So, Gandhi used different unique techniques also, to the advantage of his cause or his objectives.
So, unlike many nationalists who denounce media as a colonial propaganda.
So, by the time Gandhi came the print technology was there and it is used as a kind of tool for public opinion.
And for ruler or for the task of government, besides the force, the military force, the public opinion emerged as a powerful tool to sustain the rule, to govern more effectively.
And Gandhiji, unlike many nationalists who denounced the media merely as a machine of colonial propaganda, he made full use of this repress and through his personal life, through his .
prayers, through his simplicity, through his words and many of his activities, he mobilized the opinion of Indians and also, the Englishmen in England.
And he was very effectively, communicating the unjust or the brutal or discriminatory practices of the British rule or British government.
government in India and very effectively, putting forth the just or the ethical or the legitimate demands of Indians through the press.
And through this press also, he was engaging with many of his contemporary certainly, through Young India or Harijan or Navjeevan or Indian opinion, he was shaping the public opinion, expressing his own opinion, reflecting upon his own thought and developing his own opinion.
response or philosophy about life or many other sides besides the political struggle or struggle for political freedom.
So, Gandhiji was involved in a number of concerns or challenges that India and world was facing.
And this he effectively, he was involved in communicated by exploiting the print or press.
So, Gandhiji perhaps utilized this technology to his advantage very effectively throughout his life and he was also part of many associations, most significantly, congress where he was the tallest leader from 1920s to 1947.
Besides that he was also associated with many organizations such as All India Spinners Association or All India Village Industries Association.
Now, in his political techniques or tools, he combined the methods of protest with moderate methods of protest with mobilization of masses.
So, without the mobilization of masses or the force of masses, this method of protest will make not much sense or will not be very effective.
And he himself, followed many of the constitutional or the moderate methods of political protest or representing his concern through media, through petition and through recommend, through memorandums, but he equally emphasized on the role of mobilizing the masses.
And for him, Gopal Krishna was his political guru.
Gopal Krishna himself was a moderate and not an extremist thinkers like Bal Gangadhar Tilak or Vipin Chandra Pal and many others.
So, Gandhi then through his activities and message grounded in non-violence and Satyagraha contained not only the growing cult of violence.
So, violence as a tool for political struggle which was also, acquiring more and more space or becoming more and more effective or inspiring.
a great many youth of India in different parts of India.
So, Raja Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev, Rajguru and similar many other revolutionaries and their belief in the use of violence for political liberation.
Gandhiji, somehow, through his techniques and political activities were able to contain the growing cult of violence in India, but also, help in bringing about the communal harmony between Hindus and Muslims.
This can be debated whether how far he was successful in doing that because India was.
on the basis of religion.
But nonetheless, the consciousness among the Hindus or the Muslims when any religion, religious related violence or riots occur, the feeling of guilt or the outrage against such violence or riots is because of many of his methods or practices or teachings also.
So, Gandhiji contributed in a way, to the of taming or controlling the cult of violence.
Violence for him is not useful for those against whom it is perpetrated and the one who uses against it.
So, Gandhiji has a psychological or moral response to the use of violence as a tool.
So, he himself said that for any cause, I am willing to die, but for no cause, I am willing to kill.
So, this belief in sacrifice.
rather than harming others, physical harming others or other kind of violence against the other was completely, unacceptable for Gandhiji.
And somehow, he was able to communicate this message of non-violence to the large illiterate masses of India and involve them in the political struggle for freedom.
So, other thing about Gandhiji and his method is that his method and philosophy of life and politics was so unique.
and novel that it is very difficult and almost impossible to put Gandhiji in any frame or ism whether it is liberalism, socialism, Marxism, communism.
Gandhiji and his method or philosophy may have the strengths of all these ism, but Gandhiji and his method cannot be put in any particular frame of liberalism, socialism, Marxism or any other kind of isms or frame.
is itself, a kind of ism or a particular way of looking at world, society, politics.
So, he draws almost on every aspect of modern life and civilization and not just for the political struggle.
So, on major ideas in Gandhiji, first, we can discuss about his views on non-violence and satyagraha.
For Gandhiji, this satyagraha consists of two words satya and agraha which together, implies the insistence on truth.
is ultimate, truth is absolute.
So, our experience of truth may vary, but one ultimately, the truth shall triumph.
So, that becomes the crucial word or cliche in Indian tradition and tell you from Mundak Upanishad, Satya Mev Jayate.
So, the idea or the belief or conviction in the truth or the victory of truth was something which Gandhiji made the basis of his whole political programs.
And this insistence on truth or holding on the truth.
can be interpreted in a kind of opposing violence by non-violence and the quest of truth.
So, the method for arriving or understanding satya or truth is through non-violence, but satyagraha is not just using the non-violence, but continuously, searching for the truth.
So, it is not only a way of opposing authority, but also, of using love and morality to establish and strengthen the society.
So, the violence can do harm to those against whom it is perpetrated and the one who is perpetrating.
But the non-violence, the value of truth in Gandhiji scheme of political program can harm no one and ultimately, lead to a more compassionate society full of love and ethical lives.
So, Satyagraha opposes violence with non-violence and therefore, it does not bring physical injury to others.
but may involve self-suffering of the Satyagrahi.
We will discuss this relationship between Satyagrahi and many critique of this Satyagrahi as a passive resistance, as a tool for the cowardice and not for the valor.
But for Gandhiji, Satyagraha is a supreme form of valor.
That means sacrificing oneself for a cause one believes in is perhaps, more powerful than the one who kill others or do physical harms to others for the sake of one ideals.
So, for Gandhiji, the distinction he makes between brute force or the sole force.
So, sole force is the force based on satya or truth, willing to sacrifice for truth and not harming others.
So, for Gandhiji, satyagrahi involves self-suffering and which requires discipline or building a character which is steady or stable and it is not the weapon or the techniques.
of the weak as many critique argues.
And for Gandhiji, Satyagrahi must practice the four virtues for a stable character.
So, first is the chastity which is Brahmacharya, second is the truthfulness Satya, the third is justice or freedom from possessiveness or greed and fourth and more significantly, the fearlessness.
So, these four ideals is absolutely necessary for the Satyagrahi to commit himself or herself in a political struggle.
So, his insistence on non-violence can be understood.
From his equal emphasis on means and ends, Gandhiji, the means remained as important as the ends, but many political pragmatic thinkers were arguing for means does not matter as long as it leads to desirable ends.
So, they justify violence or other immoral.
So, the many conception of politics is that politics has its own morality which may demand something which is not.
governed by ordinary morality or ethics.
So, politics has its own morality and that kind of argument.
Gandhiji questioned such argument or perspective on politics and for him, politics is for the ethical life of the individual and the ethical life for him is the happy life.
So, happy life devoid of ethics or politics is simply irreconcilable thought in Gandhiji perspectives and therefore, he thought of non-violence.
as something which can which should focus both on the purity of means as well as an ends.
So, for him, the ends are not enough to justify an action, but the adoption of just means is equally important.
So, desirable end is say political freedom, but political freedom to achieve it in somehow, using some unacceptable techniques like killing or physical harm or some other techniques of politics or revolt or resistance.
So, as so many people may argue that as long as we achieve political freedom, we should not worry the means.
So, the ends that we achieve will justify the means, but for Gandhiji, the satyagrahi or the non-violence scheme of political program is you cannot achieve this desirable end of political freedom unless the means that is applied is equally pure.
So, that purity comes in his belief in the invincibility of satya or non-violence methods and techniques.
And this becomes effective and as we have seen in the first slide itself, a kind of inspiration for many contemporary social and political movements and during his second decades of 20th century.
in USA Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela in South Africa.
So, he considered non-violence as the supreme duty and argued that taking care of the just means will inevitably lead to just end sooner or later.
So, that is a firm belief in the effectiveness or invincibility of the truth and if we hold on to the truth, then sooner or later, the desire end or can be achieved.
So, the satyagrahi works not for his personal interest, but for the common interest that is a kind of voluntary act.
for creating a society which is more ethical, more ideal not just for the individual, but also, for the collective self.
So, although, he was very critical of violence, here he clearly, make a distinction between a satyagrahi or a cowardice.
So, he says that if one has to choose between violence and cowardice.
So, satyagrahi, one of the traits of a satyagrahi is the fearlessness.
So, he says that if one has to choose between violence and cowardice, favoured violence and not the cowardice.
So, this is a kind of response to the critique that satyagraha is not an act of weak or the cowardice people, it is a supreme force or strength available to anyone.
So, he goes on to explain that though violence is not lawful, when it is offered in self-defense or for the defense of defenseless, it is an act of bravery for better than cowardly submission.
So, submission to the injustice or unjust policies and practices of authority is an act of cowardice.
So, to resist against such oppression or repression, Gandhiji preferred violence over the cowardice submission to such oppressive activities or the practices.
So, the later benefits, neither men nor women under violence, there are many stages and varieties of bravery, every man must judge this for himself.
So, here, he is basically, making the contrast between the satyagraha as the force or as the strength.
in comparison to this idea of cowardice or the weapons of those who are helpless or weak in some way.
For Gandhiji, Satyagrahi is someone who is fearless and ready to sacrifice his life rather than killing others for the sake of his or her ideals and that is how he defines Satyagrahi which is very different from the many alleged critique.
Now, the next views on Gandhiji is.
Sarvodaya.
Sarvodaya means upliftment or progress of all and this he develops from drawing insights into unto this last by John Ruskin.
He coined this term Sarvodaya in 1908.
So, he thought political freedom or political regeneration is possible when the masses or everyone not just few or many, but everyone is empowered or uplifted and progress for all is ensured.
So, that is a kind of philosophical.
insights of Gandhiji and certainly, in Amartya Sen development as freedom.
So, here, Gandhiji, for him, the task of political freedom is not just to uplift a few or many or majority of the population, but every member of that community.
So, the Sarvodaya is for everyone.
So, Gandhi argued that earth provides enough to satisfy every manís needs, but not every manís greed.
So, his focus on ethical happy life is not possible only through physical or material prosperity, but it has to have ethical or moral side of it.
So, Sarvodaya, Gandhiji writes that in the society that practices Sarvodaya, people should not lead themselves to limitless acquisition of wealth, but follow the motto of a simple and dignified ethical life.
moral living and he himself exemplifies some of these practices.
His own life was a message to a simple and dignified life which is also a happy life also.
So, the happiness, the way he defines is very different from the utilitarian understanding of happiness.
So, and his idea of trusteship, those who acquire a lot of wealth and possess a lot of wealth, they should consider themselves as a trustee of those who are not so privileged or not so prosperous and they should.
help them in meeting their material or economical needs to create a more ethical society.
So, if anyone has access in property, he should treat it as a trust and work as a trustee towards the welfare of the underprivileged or in other way, everyone else.
So, Gandhi developed the ideal of Sarvodaya as a means to achieve an egalitarian.
So, this tenets of socialism is also there, but it was not limited to the economic upliftment of the poor.
He considered inequality as a cause of demoralization of the rich also.
And by practicing trustship, thus the rich may choose to work on the path of ethical development.
By this, he did not mean a life of subsistence living.
What he insisted is that the basic daily necessities of the poor needs to be fulfilled before the luxuries of the rich.
So, in other words, Gandhi emphasized the Sarvodaya in these words that a watery of ahimsa cannot subscribe to the utilitarian formula of the greatest good of the greatest number.
He will strive for the greatest good of all and die in the attempt to realize the ideal.
So, the task of upliftment or progress is not complete unless the progress and upliftment of all and not few or many or the greatest number is achieved as argued in the utilitarian philosophy.
So, Gandhian ideal of Swarad remains a very powerful.
maintaining law and order.
So, minimalist state is what Gandhiji has argued and this comes as a kind of liberal strand in his thought.
And he wrote, I look upon an increase in the power of the state with the greatest fear because although while apparently doing good by minimizing exploitation, it does the greatest harm to the mankind by destroying individuality.
And individuality for Gandhiji is at the root of all progress.
So, state and its concentration of power in the state.
suppresses that individuality which is at the root of all human progress.
And therefore, Gandhiji was critical of a powerful instrumentalist state which accumulate a lot of violence or power of violence.
So, while he was very sceptical of the political form of the state, he argued for a spiritualized self-regulatory society.
So, this comes with the self-regulation and the idea of Swaraj is that why more broader than merely a political.
freedom.
And that is why the idea of Swaraj is more than the attainment of political freedom and incorporates in Dalton's world, a spiritual liberation through a fundamental change in each individual's moral perception.
So, political power means the capacity to regulate material life through national representatives.
If national life becomes so perfect as to become self-regulated, no representation becomes necessary.
There is then a state of enlightened anarchy.
Therefore, Gandhi is also considered as an anarchist philosopher.
So, in such a state, everyone is his own ruler, if one is governed by himself or herself.
So, he rules himself in such a manner that he is never a hindrance to his neighbor.
In the ideal state, therefore, there is no political power because there is no state.
This is the conception of Swaraj is so, so broader which dismantle, which dismantle the makes the whole existence of a state unrequired or uncalled for self-regulation.
So, rule by selfless individual symbolizes the ideal state for Gandhiji which comes out in his admiration for Ramaraj.
And in explaining this Ramaraj, V R Mehta argued that it had both political, economic and moral implication.
Politically, it implied the removal of the control of British army.
Morally, it implied the absence of any armed forces.
or brute forces, even the national army and economically, it means freedom from both the British capitalists and their Indian counterparts.
So, Gandhian ideal of Ram Raj is more than political.
It includes ethical and moral dimensions as well as well for the progress of each and all, and not just few, many and the greatest number.
However, Gandhiji was very aware of the limitation in establishing the Ram Raj in near future.
So, he argued for the state that governs the least.
and giving maximum power and autonomy to the individual, to the village and from the bottom up rather than top down model of governance.
So, he argued for autonomous bodies of decentralized nature was the means of for attaining such a state and therefore, he was the ardent supporter of Panchayati Raj.
So, Panchayati Raj system that we have in constitution article 40 and now 73rd and 74th amendment act derive its legitimacy from the Gandhian ideal of decentralized democracy or Swaraj.
So, in this context, his glorification of village and skepticism of urban lives becomes very important because for him, the village represents a spontaneous cooperation while the urban spaces are the concentration of violence, coercion and exploitation.
So, for Gandhiji, India lives, the soul of India lives in the villages and not in the urban spaces.
So, he emphasized on the importance of self-sustainability of the villages, but he did not negate the need of integrity and cooperation among the villages.
So, this quotation in Gandhiji truly, summarizes philosophy of individual, community and the interrelationship between the two.
which is in tune with Aurobindoís thought about individual and community as well.
So, the structure he is arguing about the Ram Raj or concentric circle, he said that in this structure composed of innumerable villages, there will be ever widening, ever widening not vertical, horizontal, ever widening never ascending circles and life will not be a pyramid with the apex sustained by the bottom, but it will be an oceanic circle.
whose centre will be the individual, always ready to perish for the villages, the latter ready to perish for the circle of the villages, till at last the whole becomes one life composed of individuals, never aggressive in their arrogance, but ever humble sharing the majesty of oceanic circles of which they are integral units.
So, he beautifully, summarizes his philosophy of ethical, moral life by this interconnection between individual and villages.
and villages with group of villages and group of villages again to the individual which becomes the integral part of this whole structure which is not supported by bottom and ruled by apex sitting at the top.
But something which is a kind of ever widening oceanic circle based on the individual who is ever ready and humble and not arrogant in their approach and in their commitment or service to the other.
Finally, if we come to summarize Gandhi's and his ideals remain relevant for confronting many contemporary challenges facing the world including the threat of climate change.
So, nature has for everyoneís need for not anyoneís greed.
So, that kind of philosophy help us in living in a sustainable way with the nature and natural resources also.
And his ideas and messages inspired and shaped many constitutional provisions and welfare policy of Indian studies such as many.
programs for Sarvodaya and Antyodaya in post-independent India.
And it continues to inspire a great many political and social movements in the country and the world such as many environmental movements like Narmada Bachao on the loan and similarly, anti-corruption movements and many new ideals like Gram Sabha, Mohalla Sabha and similar ideals are inspired by Gandhiji philosophy of Swaraj.
So, on this lecture, you can refer to some of these books like Gandhi, Hind Swaraj and other writings by Anthony J. Perel.
And also, Cambridge Companion to Gandhi by Judith Braun and Anthony Perel.
And also, from the sources of Indian tradition, there is a chapter on Gandhiji and his engagement and responses to Gandhiji ideas which you can see from these sources of tradition.
And then other writings are Political Thought in Modern India by Thomas Pantham and KL Deutch.
There are two-three chapters on Gandhiji and also, from Ramchandra Guha, Makers of Modern India and We are made the foundation of Indian political thought.
So, these are some of the sources which you can.
refer to understand some of the thoughts and ideas of Gandhiji which we have discussed in this lecture.
So, thank you for listening and let us know what you think about this lecture.
Express your opinion, your queries and we will be happy to respond to it.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends to this third and concluding lecture on Jawaharlal Nehru.
In previous two lectures, we have discussed his thought on discovery of India and how through discovery of India, he was also trying to understand or make sense of India, its philosophy and its past.
We have also discussed his views on socialism, democracy and secularism.
And today, in this lecture, we will be focusing on his views on internationalism or universalism and how.
So, despite being himself a staunch nationalist, there is always an urge to transcend the limits of nation and to think about world as a whole or humanity as a whole.
And this he shares with many other thinkers, most significantly, Rabindranath Tagore, Aurobindo Ghosh and also, Gandhi.
And as we have discussed this point again and again, when modern Indian political thinkers were engaged in the nationalist politics or the condition of India.
At the same time, they were simultaneously engaged and articulating about the issues and concerns or challenges of the world as a whole.
So, Gandhian critique of modern civilization or Tagoreís religion of a man or here in Nehru also, his views on punch sale, non-alignment movement and universal peace and harmony that he was trying to achieve.
is something which shows us a kind of approach in Indian political thought towards understanding international politics or views on cosmopolitanism and internationalism.
So, it is no longer as it is argued by Eurocentric philosophers and scholars that philosophy or universal ideals are there only in western thought.
And in India or in Asia or in Africa, there is a culture or tradition and not really thought and philosophy.
So, these thinkers were actually, embedded in the nationalist politics at the same time reflecting upon or arguing about the challenges of the modern world and they tried to resolve it and provide solution to such challenges.
And Nehru was one such great statesman.
who also deeply engaged in the foreign affairs or the challenges of the modern world.
And the idealism in Nehru which we have discussed that he was a political leader or a pragmatic leader and therefore, did not consistently followed or blindly followed any creed or any ism.
that may have inspired him, may have influenced his thoughts.
So, he developed his own thought and constantly reasoned out his positions or his decisions on any political, social and economic matters, even religion and secularism is something he constantly subject to his constant reasoning or working of the mind.
At the same time, he was also an intellectual, an idealist who wanted to transform the social and economic relations in a particular fashion.
relations or in his views about internationalism, we find his idealism more expressed and holistically argued in his articulation of international challenges and how global affairs should be governed and what should be the rule of India or any particular nation in the formation of such global polity.
So, that we are going to discuss today and in the later part of today's lecture, we will.
briefly, assess the political thought of Nehru and how far it is relevant even for our contemporary times.
Nehru, a great nationalist was also like Aurobindo or Rabindranath Tagore or Mahatma Gandhi, a great internationalist or humanist.
So, this balance between a nationalist and internationalist and humanist is something which Nehru emphasized upon, dealt with in his politics or in his relationship or in his understanding of foreign relation.
And he shared this concern about combining the nationalism with internationalism with many of modern Indian thinkers such as Aurobindo Ghosh, Rabindranath Tagore or Mahatma Gandhi.
So, for Nehru, Indiaís struggle for independence was part of a much greater or worldwide movement against imperialism.
So, he did not see Indian freedom struggle as a kind of isolatory act or a kind of self-limiting or self-sufficient movement so to say.
So, for him, Indiaís struggle for freedom struggle is part of much greater or worldwide struggle against the imperialism.
And therefore, he extended Indiaís solidarity to the freedom struggles going on different countries in Asia and Africa.
So, he was so much before Indiaís independence, many leaders.
of Indian National Congress, certainly, Nehru, Gandhi and others also, extended their solidarity to the freedom struggles that was going on in different countries of Asia and Africa.
So, this cooperation, the unity with the other countries to fight against a common enemy that is the imperialism is something which was there and very constitutive element of Indiaís struggle for freedom.
So, this anti-imperialist and he argued about his stance against the imperialism.
So, even during the Second World War and much before that when he went to Brussels Congress in February 1927, he expressed articulated his thought on anti-imperialism.
And again, during the Second World War, when India was included in the common fight against the fascist forces, Congress and many Indian leaders opposed it.
And Nehru prepared a draft where he argued that you cannot have this hypocrisy of maintaining colonial rule or justifying imperialism on the one hand and fighting fascism in the name of democracy or liberalism on the other.
So, he wanted fight against the fascism or any authoritarian regime to be logically, extended to fight against the imperialism and therefore, he justified the demand of freedom struggle in different countries.
So, again, in his socialist ideals and dislike for any form of authoritarianism, Nehru himself was very critical of many of his… on personality traits and he wrote about that in a pseudonym called Chanakya.
And in that, he argued about the possibilities of such authoritarian tendencies in any personality.
So, Nehru was someone who was more in favor of creating a culture of democracy, of decentralization and participation of more rather than a cult or a personality cult to govern India or to bring about independence or transform social and economic relation.
So, he wanted participation and he wanted to achieve all those ideals through democratic participative manner and that becomes his.
to social and economic change.
So, Indiaís freedom struggle or Indiaís nationalist movement is not just to fight the alien rule which he cannot tolerate.
But more than that, it is a first step for social and economic change in Nehruís thought.
So, I should like the congress to become a socialist organization and join hands with other forces in the world, not in isolation or not in any independent manner of dominating or bringing about changes, but by joining the other forces that in the world who are working for a new civilization.
So, his belief in socialism or social and economic transformation which can be achieved only when India is united.
the independence and with attainment of independence, India joined the forces with other countries or other nations to work for a new civilization where there will be a socialist pattern of socio-economic life.
So, and thus, he recognized the urge in men for mutual cooperation which is the common traits of modern nation, modern community.
If such mutual cooperation is for the benefit of both or for the benefit of the community.
So, Nehru recognized this urge in men for mutual cooperation for the progress of their self or their community.
So, he regarded cooperation as the root of civilizational progress and he stated in this context that India must be prepared to discard narrow nationalism.
Narrow nationalism is a kind of self-limiting or straining nationalism of a kind of isolatory nature where autarchy or such kind of ideas are there.
So, India in opinion of Nehru must be prepared to discard narrow nationalism.
in favour of world cooperation and real internationalism.
So, even in the priest with destiny speech as we have discussed in the previous class, the idea is not just to serve the millions of starving population in India, but still the larger interest of humanity.
So, that internationalist or humanist or part in a nationalist leader such as Nehru was always there always the constitutive element of their moral outlook or approach towards politics and rule of India in the world.
So, thus long before independence, Nehru realized that in a fast changing world which is fast evolving as a unit, as a single unit or becoming more and more interdependent world, national isolation is neither desirable nor possible in this world which is more interdependent.
Happenings in one part of the world affects the rest of the world.
So, in such a world to think about isolation.
is something which is for Nehru neither desirable nor possible.
So, he envisioned Indiaís playing a major role in democratic collectivism will result into economic and the political internationalism which is something that leads to domination of one country over the other, one race over the other.
So, he wanted Indiaís and its role in the global arena to bring about a real transformation in the political and economic internationalism.
So, his contribution in then non-alignment movement.
and his theory of punch shall help in shaping the foreign policy in a great many newly emerging country in Asia and Africa.
So, these thoughts helped Nehru to make a balance between nationalism or national independence on the other hand, and the role of nation in the creation of a new political and economic international order on the other.
So, he had a clear idea of how India should play her role in the ever-changing dynamics of international politics and his later policy of non-alignment and anti-colonialism.
He had already found a space in the speech that he gave on the 7th September 1946 as the vice president of the interim government.
And he spoke it thus, we shall take full part in international conference as a free nation with our own policy and not as a satellite of another nation.
So, dominion status or a colony represent.
in the world as a satellite or as a shadow of a foreign nation.
So, he was arguing for full participation in international conferences as a free nation with our own policy and not as a satellite of another nation.
We propose as far as possible to keep away from the power politics of groups aligned against one another which have led in the past to world wars and which may lead again to disaster on an even vaster scale.
We believe that peace and freedom are indivisible and denial of freedom anywhere must endanger freedom elsewhere and lead to conflict and war.
We are particularly, interested in the emancipation of colonial and dependent countries and peoples and in the recognition in theory and practice of equal opportunities.
for all races.
So, this is something which he has articulated much earlier before he acted upon some of his thoughts during his prime ministership where he also kept the foreign policy portfolio.
So, for him, then the role of India in the world affair is not for acquiring power or to join the power politics of different blocs which already led to conflicts, wars and certainly, two world wars which he has seen.
And then immediately, after the world war, there is a kind of polarization of world into two power blocks led by Soviet Russia on the one hand or America on the other capitalist and the communist block.
Nehru wanted to avoid such blocks.
For him, Indiaís role in global world is to strengthen peace and freedom.
And for him, denial of freedom anywhere must and will certainly, lead to endanger of freedom elsewhere and also, conflict and wars.
So, for Nehru, Indiaís contribution or Indiaís role in the global world is not for sharing power or joining the power politics of blocs.
But to strengthen the peace or the freedom and certainly, extending it to those countries which are colonized by the foreign power and to ensure the equal opportunities of all races without preferential treatment or hierarchical relationship in the world order.
On the basis of such thoughts, therefore, when constitution was framed, Nehru wanted to incorporate within it some guidelines for Indiaís foreign policy.
And such guidelines are countryís foreign policy shall be directed with a view to promoting international peace and security.
The state should strive for maintaining just and honourable relation between the nation by fostering respect for international law and treaty obligation and by encouraging the settlement of international disputes by arbitration.
So, these are some of the guiding principles which is enshrined in chapter 4 of Indian constitution which is about directive principle of state policy.
These provisions which also reflects.
Indiaís civilizational heritage of non-aggression, striving for peace or the idea of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam, world is one family.
So, this philosophy or civilizational heritage is also reflective in some of these guiding principle of foreign policy which is there in the chapter four of Indian constitution.
And these guidelines by and large have shaped the foreign policy of independent India and remain a very relevant or a guiding force.
in shaping the foreign policy in contemporary India as well.
So, these provisions became the foundations or principles of many of Nehruís foreign policy initiatives and continued to guide the foreign policy of India even today.
Certainly, his initiative about NAM or Panchsheel or his support for peaceful coexistence or role of nation or world polity to stabilize the country.
peace or to strengthen peace or to expand the freedom in every part of the world or to maintain equality of all races, equal opportunities of all races which will lead to everlasting peace and harmony.
So, these ideals, he says as we have discussed with Tagore, Aurobindo Ghosh to transcend the limits or the boundary.
of a nation and should be guided by the collective interest of the whole humanity.
So, the humanism, the idealism in Nehru is most articulated in many of his foreign policy initiatives.
Now, if you look at some of his responses to the contemporary forms of internationalism, we find he also responded to some of the initiatives such as Woodrow Wilsonís and the League of Nations, which was established after the First World War.
to maintain global order or global peace and arbitrate the conflicts through peaceful negotiation.
So, the ideals of maintaining the global peace or resolving conflict through peaceful negotiation is something which began to be seriously articulated after the First World War.
And Woodrow Wilson took the initiative and his famous 14 principles, Woodrow Wilson advocated peaceful coexistence among nations and he offered collective security.
as the means of this and took a decisive role in the formation of League of Nations.
Nehru had a favorable opinion of Wilson internationalism, but he criticized League of Nations for its weak foundation as there were most countries especially, in Asia and Africa which were still colonized.
So, you cannot have everlasting peace when many parts of the world are under colonial subjugation or a political subjugation of the foreign countries.
So, therefore, he League of Nations which is founded on a very weak foundation.
So, again, American scholar Clarence K. Strait proposed the idea of union of democracy.
He stated the 15 North Atlantic nations including US, Britain and France should form this union which will deal with the matters of their common interest such as citizenship or defence.
Nehru criticized this union of democracy on two grounds.
It excluded other nations such as China and India and limited itself to a few nations such as 15 North Atlantic nations.
And secondly, it has included some nations which were imperialist and fascist in character.
So, which promote or champion democracy on the one hand and continue to subject a vast territory or a vast number of population under colonial subjugation.
So, this hypocrisy in maintaining democracy or thinking about everlasting global peace or stability or common security is something unachievable in a condition where the same countries maintain their colonies or subjugate a vast number of people under their rule.
So, Nehru was also critical of such kind of internationalism.
So, Nehru held that without ruling out imperialism and colonialism, no democratic union is possible.
Now, to look at the features of Nehruvian internationalism, we find in his internationalism, there is a delicate or there is a kind of perfect balance between nationalism or internationalism.
a nationalist.
He wanted to strengthen India and its democratic culture not just to fight the British but also, to transform the social economic relations within India that is hierarchical or segregated on different lines.
But in Nehru, there is an urge for Indiaís role in the global arena or to resolve the global challenges and he was deeply interested saddened by the lessons not learned by many western countries even after two world wars.
So, that leads to again some kind of power politics or kind of superpower determining or threatening the international peace and harmony immediately, after second world war in the terms of cold war between US and USSR.
So, he believed that nationalism and internationalism can coexist and emphasized on maintaining a balance between the two.
So, he values nationalism as it is the vital force of human society.
It also has a central role in the freedom movements of colonized population.
So, many people have criticized nationalism also because of its selfish nature as we have seen in Rabindranath Tagore or many western thinkers also considered nationalism responsible for competition or competitions among the imperialist forces which resulted in First World War or Second World War.
So, when nationalist movement was emerging in different Asian and African countries or colonial among the colonized subjects, they were very suspicious of such nationalist movement.
But they did not realize the liberatory potential of these nationalist movement against the imperial rule or against the colonial rule.
So, Nehru realized the vital force or vital nature of nationalism for the colonized population.
But he also acknowledged that it will be interesting.
He said that it is not only internationalism and not merely nationalism that will be the unifying force in the world in the future.
So, even when he recognized the inevitable.
or the vitalness of nationalism especially, in a colonized context or in a colonized country.
He also acknowledged the inevitable use or force of internationalism which will lead to unifying the world or which may work as a unifying force in the future.
So, he also, then criticized against the kind of isolation or a kind of narrowly defined nationalism of any kind.
So, therefore, for the wider interest of the international community, he preferred adjustments with the national interest or in the national interest of any particular country.
So, here again, the larger good of humanity or human species is something which is superior to the particular interest of a nation and he wanted nations to adjust with their interest in the service of the larger interest of the humanity.
So, this internationalism is based on first cooperation.
So, Nehru argued that no nation can sustain and develop in isolation and can afford to be indifferent to others.
So, in this interdependent world which is emerging, no nation can maintain its sovereignty or develop itself by keeping itself aloof and isolated from the other communities or just being indifferent to the other communities.
So, one is affected by the happenings in the other countries and therefore, communication and interlinkages are inevitable.
So, the honourable relation with other nation is something which is inevitable.
inevitable for the existence or also, for the development and progress of any particular countries.
So, the role of cooperation is something which he emphasized.
So, he advocates cooperation as the only means to survival and progress for any country.
As with cooperation, the states in crisis can receive help from the others.
Absence of it will lead to mutual conflict and disruption of peace.
But this cooperation should be based on equality.
This is also something which he emphasized and also, the mutual welfare.
So, developed nations should pull up the underdeveloped ones to their equal levels of advancement.
So, the world of his era was divided into different blocks and the newly emerging Asian and African countries were regarded or categorized as a third world country.
So, first world is US and its allies, second world is USSR and its allies and these newly emerged countries which on the initiative of Nehru and some other leaders like Tito, Nasser and Soekarno, they started non-alignment movement.
So, these movements were to ensure the sovereignty of newly emerging nation and to develop some kind of collective security for these emerging nations in a world which is divided into two super powers.
And to strive for equal status and mutual welfare is something which he also emphasized through cooperation.
The second emphasis is opposition to the war and focus on peace or negotiation as a useful means for diplomatic negotiation.
So, he viewed war as the negation of truth and humanity.
It does not only lead to further violence, but also, shackles the morality of the parties involved.
So, he advocated the elimination of war as an instrument of foreign policy because war cannot lead to peace and prosperity, but can only create the environment of mutual hatred and fear which is dangerous for any country or certainly, for global peace and harmony.
So, by the elimination of war cannot be possible only with the elimination of its symptoms.
It demands the elimination of the roots of war and for him, the root causes of war and conflict is the political subjugation of one nation over the other, racial discrimination or absence of equality and economic relations and misery.
So, the global conflicts and war has root causes in these political subjugations, racial discrimination and absence of economic equality or equality in economic relations between different countries and the misery.
So, he along with many emerging Asian and African countries were also demanding a kind new economic relations which will uplift these economically underdeveloped or undeveloped nation at par with the developed nation of the developed nation of the waste.
So, there is also, demand for the new economic relations and through that one can eliminate the causes of the war and not merely the symptoms.
The other part of his international vision is support for disarmament.
So, Nehru was against all weapons of destruction or certainly, nuclear bombs and he denounced the claim that these can be used as deterrents.
So, many people justify the use of nuclear bomb as a deterrent which can protect a nation from the aggression from the other nation.
But Nehru did not accept this kind of weapons as a deterrent in foreign policy and he stated that no peace can be built on the pillars of fear.
So, again, the idealism or the morality.
in Nehru enabled him to see the emerging world in a very different way than perhaps, a pragmatic or a realist thinker or a leader will look at it.
So, he regarded disarmament of these weapons as the first step towards the elimination of war.
So, he continuously argued for the disarmament of certainly, all kinds of weapons and most importantly, the weapons of mass destruction such as nuclear bomb and all.
So, he wrote disarmament is not merely a desirable alternative to the present competitive army where every country is racing for more and more weapons and acquiring more and more power of mass destruction.
order and peace in the global arena.
However, although Nehru was for nuclear disarmament, he was not against the uses of nuclear energy for peaceful objectives.
So, the energy needs of the third world countries especially, Asian and African under developing countries, he recognized the role of nuclear energy for these peaceful objectives.
So, he stated that the atomic energy for the underdeveloped nations are far more essential than that of developed nations.
Because developed nations may have enough resources for alternative energy, but the underdeveloped nations do not have such resources or the capabilities.
So, he emphasized upon the need of nuclear energy for the underdeveloped countries.
So, any restrictions in their uses of atomic energy therefore, can put them in disadvantageous positions and therefore, he argued against prohibition of atomic energy and its use by the underdeveloped countries.
Now, he also had an idea of world government.
and Nehru envisioned a post-nation state world order.
It will be realized in the system of a world union based on democracy and freedom.
In this world union, nations will enjoy autonomy in their internal matters and have equal representation at the global level.
It will be against all forms of domination such as imperialism, colonialism and racism and based on cooperation and coexistence on equal grounds.
It will be the perfect order of humanity.
This in the idea of world union, Nehruís idealism, humanism and internationalism finds a complete and holistic expression.
However, in actual unfolding of the world situations especially, after India-China war of 1962 had put a serious questions mark on Nehruvian model of internationalism and it also lead to critique of Nehruvian foreign policy.
Now, if you look at Nehruís internationalism and Indiaís foreign policy, Nehru was the first prime minister and so, the foreign minister of independent India for 17 years.
He had a defining influence in shaping the foreign policy of independent India.
So, he has a particular view on nation or internationalism and that shapes the or nature of foreign policy in independent India.
And this is reflected in the foreign policy that we have in at least two, three decades after the independence.
But the foreign policy of a country is not formulated or shaped in a single day or by one individual and it has a deeper roots in the spiritual and the cultural inheritance of India.
And therefore, it also, represents her history and civilization.
Nehruvian foreign policy was also, influenced by the dynamism of the Indian struggle for freedom and different articulation that was being carried out by different thinkers such as Ghosh, Ravindranath Tagore certainly, and their thought has influence on Nehruv as well.
And he shared some of his concerns when he was articulating.
about Indiaís role in the emerging global order.
So, many of the ideas such as striving for peace or resolving conflicts through peaceful dialogue or negotiation is something which cannot be reduced to one individual.
It has certain cultural or civilizational inheritance and in India, the foreign policy which is adopted is rooted in such civilizational belief about civilizational equality.
about role of dialogue and role of peace or how nations should strive for peace and harmony or how that can lead to prosperity.
So, Indiaís foreign policy to a great extent, subscribed or shaped by such civilizational and cultural beliefs as well.
Nehru gave it a definite shape and actually, acted upon such beliefs or philosophy, when he became the prime minister and also, the foreign minister of the independent India.
So, flourished in the rich heritage of Indian culture and heritage, Indian foreign policy was also, tempered by the changing realities of the world.
So, the historical events of Cold War, the attempts of the superpowers to drag newly independent nations to one or the another military camps had forced India to trade a but tactical and pragmatic path in order to maintain its sovereignty in the foreign policy.
So, the condition of the world was such where superpowers were trying to drag newly emerging nations in Asia and Africa in one or the other blocks.
Nehru and through his understanding, many Asian and African countries together developed a movement or an organization to He stated that we are of Asia and the people of Asia are nearer and closer to us than others.
India is so situated that she is the pivot of western, southern and south east Asia.
And the future is born to see a closer union between India and south east Asia on the one side and Afghanistan, Iran and Arab world on the other.
So, Nehru was also very realist and pragmatic in that sense to acknowledge the emerging dynamics or the regional dynamics.
or what we call geopolitics of the foreign policy or the international relation.
So, further on Nehru signed the Panchsheel agreement with China in 1954 which led this five principles which becomes the guiding force for the foreign policy of many countries especially, in Asian and African countries.
These five principles which is named as Panchsheel is peaceful coexistence respecting each other's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
First, this is second.
Then, non-aggression third, non-interference in each otherís internal matters that is fourth and recognition of equality and mutual benefit, working for the mutual benefit and prosperity that is the fifth.
So, these are the five principles or punch seal, five principles on the basis of which many foreign policy objectives or methods were formulated.
And although second by the Chinese aggression of 1962, this punch seal continued till today.
as the guiding principle of Indian foreign policy and he had influenced the foreign policy of many Asian and African countries as well.
So, in the context of Cold War, the other initiatives Nehru had was that he became one of the major proponents of non-alignment movement along with Tito, Nasir and Soekarno and others which stressed on not aligning with any of the super power.
So, that is the idea of non-alignment movement.
it did not mean neutrality or neither it was a maintenance of equidistance from the two power blocks.
It has some idealistic basis or moral basis to maintain a distance from the power politics that was unfolding in the contemporary world and yet engaging with that world in a principled manner on the basis of certain principles and not merely guided by the power politics or maximization of self-interest of a particular nation or a group.
So, non-alignment movement for Nehru is not absolute neutrality or withdrawal from the world, from the real world.
But to engage with the real world in a principled manner, maintaining oneís sovereignty and independence in decision making.
So, it was an attempt of building an independent path of development.
It was the only path through which the third world countries, the newly emerging countries in Asia and Africa could maintain a safer distance from the superpowers.
And protect their sovereignty and independence from any external interference or compromising on their sovereignty in terms of making decisions about the foreign policies or their internal matters.
Now, it focused on extending world peace and freedom and reducing the impact of Cold War politics, the rivalry, imminent danger of such rivalry between two superpowers.
So, taking initiation in the independence of colonized nation, it also stressed on bringing of a just economic order.
on the basis of equality and cooperation.
So, non-alignment movement at Nehru initiated is not just about tackling the political realities of the world, but to also, collectively, negotiate for a new economic world or world order as well.
Because even when these nations got the political independence, economically, they were dependent on their former colonizer.
new colonialism which we call they were also trying to fight against this new forms of colonialism in terms of economic relationship.
And they wanted to make such relations more just, more equitable for these countries.
So, now, if you look at the conclusion and to have some concluding remarks on Nehruís thought on internationalism, but generally, overall contribution and also, his failures.
One can certainly, say it for sure that he has greatest influence on the first two, three decades of free India or independent India.
He helped in shaping many institutions and which includes IITs, IIMs or many academies for literature or for the development of culture.
So, or some institution like election commission of India which played a pivotal role in the shaping of democratic culture or parliamentary democracy in India.
So, despite of the challenges that India faced after the partition or economic or other challenges, it went ahead with a parliamentary form of democracy which is nothing, sort of a… or when many western scholars were arguing about that India will eventually disintegrate and there will be fragmentation.
India had maintained by and large its boundary fairly well and also continued to the path of democracy and elections after elections, our faith in the democracy has further strengthened.
So, one form of government, one form of parties replaced by other forms.
other parties and the peaceful transfer of power is something which we have achieved and which we should be proud of despite of so many challenges that we have faced.
So, in the words of S. Gopal, Nehru consolidated a nation.
So, first, the consolidation of this fragmentary or segregated nation or heterogeneous nation into a one single unit.
So, Nehru consolidated a nation, trained it for democracy and constructed a model of economic development and set the country on the path of growth.
So, that is the contribution Nehru made in the journey of post-independent India.
And as a political leader and intellectual, he had a much broader understanding of national as well as the international happening.
So, this reflects in his periodic letters to the chief ministers.
and could influence the progressive force in India and abroad.
However, there are certain valid criticism against Nehru such as his over emphasis on ethics and morality and ignoring the pragmatic concern of national self-interest.
So, foreign policy is about realistically speaking, pursuit and maximization of national interest.
So, if one is guided by morality and ethics alone, then there are compromise with the national interest or the possibility of harming the national interest.
So, his other initiatives such as non-alignment movement and punch seal did not really lead to desired.
objective or ideals.
Certainly, the Indian-China war and also, the intra-groupings within the Asian and African countries or so called non-alignment countries are also, reflective of such tensions within the group who otherwise, share a same history or share the same concerns and fight for the new economic order.
So, the reality or realism of the world something which shows the in practical sense, the limitation of Nairobian ideals as well.
On domestic front too, we can also find that he could have handled some of the issues perhaps, more cautiously or in a better way such as Kashmir issue or language agitations, communist party in Kerala or the bureaucracy that he built which turned out to be a self-perpetuating license quotas and it actually, becomes the obstruction in Indiaís growth trajectory or Indiaís progress.
So, Nehru fairly, shared some of the criticism.
However, he had a vision of modern India which is situated in the context of world community and he admired the greatness of entity called India, but was aware of the danger of cultural and national development in isolation.
Therefore, he emphasized on revising the old and initiating new ties with the rest of the world as a matter of utmost importance and in which he has succeeded and established Indiaís role or Indiaís contribution in maintaining global order or peace and harmony.
So, certainly, in Korea war, he sent Indian peace keeping force or in many international initiatives, he established the role of India as a major power.
So, as an advocate of national well-being and international harmony, he will always be regarded as a true internationalist and humanist.
So, this tribute to Nehru by Tito, the former president of Yugoslavia wrote that India can be proud having such an outstanding leader as Nehru.
who through his efforts and farsightedness is paving the way towards a better future for India and who through his untiring activity in the struggle for peace, devotion to the policy of coexistence and the strengthening of peaceful international cooperation has become one of the most outstanding statesmen of the world.
So, Nehru and his ideals were not limited and applicable and relevant to India.
and its context alone.
But he was truly an international statesman and he was regarded so by many of the world leaders including Tito or many other global leaders as well.
So in Nehru, we find him a great institution builder, a nationalist, liberal, socialist, secular democrat and rightly, therefore, he is regarded as the architect of modern India.
His ideals and opinions even after his death and many of his failures will remain as relevant and perhaps, more relevant today than it was during his time.
So that is the legacy of Nehru.
So, there are many things which is under challenge or under critique.
But the path that we have followed despite of the challenges that we have faced is something which we must attribute.
to the Nehru and his ideals.
And that remains a kind of guiding force or a guiding principle for contemporary India as well.
Certainly, his views on secularism, parliament or parliamentary form of democracy, the role of institutions, the expansion of democratic culture and eradication or elimination of hierarchy.
within a community or across the community is something which we need to seriously engage with.
So, by that we conclude this lecture on Nehru and his views on internationalism.
And on this, you can look at some of the texts like Discovery of India by Nehru and also Nehru by Benjamin Zakaria which is a very good biography.
Sources of Indian tradition, you can find some original speeches and writings of Nehru and from political thought in modern India by Pantham and Kenneth Deutch, you can find a chapter on Nehru which is also very helpful to understand many of his ideals on democracy, socialism, secularism, scientific temper or internationalism and all.
And also, We are Mehta, Foundation of Indian Political Thought and a lecture by T. N. Kaul on Nehru, the Idealist and the Revolutionary and also, Nehruvian Internationalism Principles, Features and Relevance by Sunil Kumar in Pakistan Horizon.
So, these are some of the texts which you can refer to understand Nehru and Nehruvian views on internationalism.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends to this lecture on BRM-Vedkar.
And from B. R. Ambedkar, we will be focusing basically his thought on caste and also his views on liberal democracy and constitutional moralities.
So, we will have three lectures on B. R. Ambedkar.
Today, we will discuss his views on his personal political life, his engagement with untouchable questions and his difference with Gandhi and congress and also his views on partition very briefly and then we will conclude today's lecture.
In the next two lectures, in the second lecture, we are going to discuss his views on caste through his text Annihilation of Caste and also, his debate with Mahatma Gandhi on the question of eradicating or using his word annihilation of caste.
And in final concluding lecture, we will discuss his views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
So, if we look at Medgar.
his appropriation and misappropriation, his symbolic use by many political parties not necessarily, sharing the substantial argument that he is making about restructuring Indian society or the hierarchical relationship embedded in Hinduism and how to eradicate.
So, they may or may not necessarily, share with the substantial arguments Ambedkar is making about that.
But in contemporary times, you will find all parties universally, almost try to use Ambedkar and his works at least symbolically to mobilize the public support or especially, the vote from the depressed classes.
And therefore, there is a kind of absence of serious engagement with his thought and philosophy.
So, you may also find the almost common sensical understanding of Ambedkar.
merely as a leader of Dalits or at best, the constitution maker.
But Ambedkar also, dwell upon a lot of issues, social and political issues and develop his own thought about that and his visionary thinking or prophetic predictions has resonated in many of the post-convolution aides.
politics that is unfolding certainly, from 1980s and 90s.
So, there is a kind of revisiting or re-engagement with Ambedkar in our contemporary times.
And there are many political parties explicitly, appropriating Ambedkarís and many groups using Ambedkar as an icon of empowerment, as a liberation and the and many parties, trying to appropriate Ambedkar symbolically and use Ambedkarís icon to kind of start alternative politics.
But there are also serious limitations in such appropriation and misappropriation with the critically thinking or analyzing Ambedkarís which we will discuss during the course of our three lectures.
If we look at Ambedkar who is widely regarded as the architect of Indian constitution or the maker of Indian constitution.
So, the famous icon or statue of Ambedkar carrying Indian constitution in one hand and showing the way with the other hand have become a kind of symbolic image.
to those who cannot read or write constitution and yet they can affiliate or they can associate themselves with the constitution and the rights enshrined therein.
So, the statue of Ambedkar in different parts of the country have used in a way by the Indian state to at least symbolically, send across or put across the message about the role of constitution as the basis of governance or the institutional structure in India.
So, B. R. Ambedkar who was the chairman of the drafting commission is rightly regarded or widely regarded as the architect of Indian constitution.
Besides that, he was also a devoted champion of socio-economic and the political rights of the Dalits.
Now, this word Dalits is used by Ambedkar and in Marathi, this word is mean broken and for Dalits, the word untouchables was also very much used in the political discourse of colonial India.
And all his life, he strived for forging Indiaís moral and social foundation anew and strove for a political order of constitutional democracy that is sensitive to disadvantage inherited from the past or engendered by the prevailing social relations.
So, Ambedkar, despite of his devotion to the interest or to the causes of socially, economically and historically, depressed classes of Dalits, he was equally involved in forging a kind of moral and political bond or foundation of a new India which would be a kind of political order of constitutional democracy that is sensitive to the disadvantage inherited from the past or because of the prevailing social hierarchy.
So, Indian society was or is divided on the caste line, religious line, linguistic lines and the caste description.
So, there was a kind of discrimination which is there for thousands of years and there have been different movements, resistance to such caste hierarchy start from Buddhism, Jainism to the Bhakti movement of medieval India and also, in modern times, when Jyotibha Phule and many others were arguing.
or Nanak and many others were arguing about equality, social equality.
Ambedkar developed it further to make untouchability as the central question of political discourse.
So, he differed with many contemporary leaders and parties including Congress, Gandhi and Nehru on the question of untouchability.
So, how one can form a political unit or Indian nation as a political community?
based on certain principles when the society is deeply divided on the basis of caste.
So, without eradicating or annihilating the caste and this discrimination and humiliation on the basis of caste, he has experienced throughout his life.
So, he was arguing that without the eradication or annihilation of caste, one cannot really forge a nation or a political community based on the principle of equality, fraternity and liberty.
So, he was also trying to envision or forge a kind of… political and moral foundation based on constitutional democracy and not on the basis of the whims and fancies or the particular culture or religious world view.
But the constitutional democracy, he was arguing and we will discuss more on this when we will discuss his views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
But he was trying to envision a political and moral foundation of New India which would be based on a constitutional democracy that will be sensitive to the disadvantage which they have inherited from the past or they are engendered by the prevailing social relations.
He did see India as possessing a cultural unity especially, when he was studying in Columbia University or had engaged or was trying to make sense of India from a distance, then he saw it as a cultural unity.
But his sense of seeing India as a cultural unit was very different from many of his contemporaries especially, those who came from the upper caste intellectuals.
So, many upper caste intellectuals talks about diversity or heterogeneity in India and also, the unity that encompasses those diversity and heterogeneity.
And that unity for them, the upper caste intellectual was the tolerance and accommodation of the difference.
So, that is what gives unity to India, the tolerance or accommodation of difference according to the upper caste intellectual.
Contrary to their understanding of this unity.
Ambedkar thoughts and there he says with many scholars who were sceptical of the feasibility of Indian nationhood or India as a nation or as a single political unit.
For Ambedkar saw this unity built on a foundation of oppression rooted far deeper than the political rule of the Raj.
So, here it is also perhaps necessary or important to understand the question.
of political freedom or the social reforms movement.
And in many of my lectures, previous lectures I have discussed this question that how modern quote unquote Indian renaissance that we call started with social and religious reforms movement.
And how over a period of time, the political freedom or the struggle against the British to attain independence was considered prior to the say social reforms and other.
So, within the congress, within the political public discourse during the colonial times.
This question of social reforms on the one hand and attaining political freedom from the British rule which was the root cause of Indiaís degrading status.
So, there many leaders were arguing that one can attain the independence and then after attainment of independence, one can reform the social issue and social challenges.
But of course, there are exceptions to that rule.
Certainly, Gandhi in mid 1930ís beginning to take or engage with this question of untouchability very seriously.
And especially, after 1911 census about caste and community which provided the basis of such kind of political discourse and seriousness to engage with the question of untouchability and eradicate the social hierarchy that exists within the Hindu society was something, many leaders began to take seriously.
And from 1920s, the question of untouchability becomes major question during the anti-colonial movement.
And Ambedkar provided this solid leadership.
There were different organizations and they differed from each other about how to reform society, how to bring equality and remove hierarchical relationship.
But Ambedkar provided the intellectual as well as the political leadership to the question of untouchability and represented himself and there was a kind of consensus, there was a kind of acceptance of him as the representative of the excluded community or the Bahiskrit Bharat as one of his magazines call.
So, for Ambedkar, the operation or the exploitations that a majority of Indian population has to undergo is not just because of the political rule or the exploitation of the British but it has deeper root in the Hindu caste society which excluded a vast number of their own followers or their own fellow member from accessing the public tanks or wells or temples.
And he began to conceptualize and articulate the root cause of such operation or such discrimination against them.
untouchables or the Dalits as he called them.
So, for them, the unity of this India is based on the foundation of oppression which is rooted much deeper than the political rule of the Rajas.
And therefore, for him, the question of social and economic equality of depressed classes or other untouchables become the central question of political movement and activities.
And therefore, he saw caste and caste-based discrimination.
as the single most challenge in the evolution of India as a united political community based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
And in this, for him, the fraternity treating the other with dignity or with respect or the mutual love and respect for the fellow feelings which is the basis of all political community as a single unit is lacking in India because there is the prevalence of caste or caste based discrimination.
And before eradicating these impediments, it is difficult or it is impossible for India to evolve as a.
political community where there is a respect for the principle of fraternity, equality and liberty.
So, his philosophy or thought was a profound critique of caste which maintained hierarchy with minimal use of physical force.
It operates largely by voluntary submission characterized by an ascending skill of reverence and a descending skill of contempt.
So, Ambedkar perhaps, understood the basis or the foundation of of this caste based discrimination which is so prevalent, so widely internalized by different sections of Indian society that it does not require the use of physical force to reproduce itself.
So, it reproduces itself by voluntary submission and that voluntary submission is there is so much of socio-economic and political privilege attached to a particular caste that different layers of caste because of their different level of privilege.
that is given, they do not come together to eradicate the whole system as such.
So, they face discrimination, they face different level of privilege or deprivation, but they do not come together to eradicate it or see it as a common problem.
So, he beautifully, narrated it is the caste, this voluntary submission characterized by an ascending skill of reverence.
the lower caste having reverence for the upper immediate upper caste that intermediary caste having reverence to the upper caste and so on and so forth.
And in reverse order also, the contempt for the lower and lower image and this is the way in which caste continuously, reproduce itself without the use of sheer violence or physical force.
So, caste in India is something which is rooted much beyond.
the mere social or political discrimination.
But it has rooted in the psychology or in the sense of selfhood or subjecthood among different sections of Indian society.
And there the discrimination is layered not one against the other because so many heterogeneities within the depressed classes or depressed caste.
that exist that it becomes difficult for them to come together and fight this common problem or common impediments for this.
And this perpetuates not just discrimination, but also the humiliation and that becomes the basis of many new kind of theorization about understanding in society through this concept of.
humiliation in the contemporary worlds.
But for Ambedkar, he first understood what sustains the caste even when there is the minimal use of physical force and why people continuously, justify the caste system or sustain it even when they are trying to forge a nation which will be based on the question of equality, liberty and fraternity.
So, some of these questions remain very.
in his thought and thinking.
Now, to look at the personal and political life of Bhimraoji Ambedkar, some of the basic facts about his life is that he was born on 14th April 1891 into an untouchable caste, Mahar.
And this caste in western India were recruited by the Britishers in the military for their loyalty or for their commitment to the work and diligence.
So, his father Ramji Shakpal was the instructor in the local military school and he was influenced by Jyotirov, Phule and many progressive groups or social reforms movement that was emerging in western India.
So, Ambedkar was influenced by his father in a sense to understand in the very childhood, the question of untouchability and how to fight untouchability or attain the respect or dignity in the eyes of others.
So, Ambedkar studied in a school in Satra where influenced by his intellectual abilities, a Brahmin teacher changed his surname from Ambavadit to Ambedkar.
Ambedkar and Ambedkar completed his high school in 1907 and graduated from prestigious Elphinstone college in 1912, where he studied English and Persian.
So, after graduating, he received one of the two scholarships which Maharaja of Baroda Shivaji Rao III, who himself was an active supporter of social reforms, instituted for the backward caste students to study abroad.
And after receiving one of that scholarship, Ambedkar joined Columbia University in US and he went there in 1913.
Here, Ambedkar completed his masters and earned a PhD or national dividend in historical and analytical study.
And he also, wrote a major text which formed his thought or his engagement with the caste question which is entitled, Caste in India, Their Mechanism, Genesis and Development.
So, despite of his interest in economics, laws or the monetary policies or the welfare issues, Ambedkar also remained deeply involved with this question of caste and the justification, the basis of this caste system and how it can be eradicated and how it has also, continuously, practiced in contemporary India as well.
So, this question of caste remains very central to his political life.
So, after completing his MA and PhD from Columbia University, Ambedkar moved to London and joined London School of Economics in 1916 for another doctorate.
And there was also a time that UK and education or higher education that one attains in UK was considered as if with more respect than a degree that one earns from say, US or some other foreign university.
So, he also went to London for another degree, but he had to interrupt his studies and come back to India in 1917 to serve in the administration of Baroda state.
However, the caste discrimination and the humiliation he faced there because no landlord was willing to rent their home to him because he comes from an excluded community or the untouchable community.
So, this humiliation and discrimination that he faced there forced him to quit that job and move to Bombay which is now Mumbai.
And he was appointed as a professor at Sydenham College of Commerce and Economics which was established on line with London School of Economics at Bombay.
But however, he also suffered or faced.
the caste based discrimination there from the other faculties of the college.
So, it was at this time that he seriously began to campaign for Dalitís socio-economic and political rights.
And in 1919, he gave evidence to the British in favour of separate electorates.
So, then he gradually developed a sense that untouchables have to fight their own struggle.
So, the Congress or the British cannot fight on their behalf.
So, they began to seriously articulate this question of caste and also, began to involve in the political practical politics or the electoral politics to secure the rights of Dalits and or depressed classes.
So, in 1919, when remember there was this almost every 10 years new reforms act or constitutional development to Indianize Indian administration or Indian bureaucracy.
So, to say in 1919, there was such attempt and he gave the evidence to the British administration for the separate electorates of India.
the untouchables and reserve seats for them and religious minorities much before Government of India Act 1990 which led the foundation of self-government or local self-government in India.
In 1920s, he started a weekly Marathi paper called Mukh Nayak which strongly criticized the caste hierarchy and called for a Dalit awakening and mobilization against the inequality or the discrimination that they face in their everyday life in accessing the public space or public places or water resources or temples and such day-to-day discriminations and the hierarchy that they had to face.
So, the Mukh Nayak was one of the first journal, he started in 1920s to express the anguish, the demands or to mobilize the public opinion especially, among the depressed class to make them aware or politically aware about their rights in rights on public resources like tanks, wells and temples etcetera.
He also, along with Saho Maharaj of Kolhapur organized first all India conference of the depressed classes in Nagpur, where he stressed upon the fact that the depressed classes in India had to fight their own struggle.
So, for Ambedkar, his lifelong politics was to enable or to empower the depressed classes or the untouchables through education, through awareness, through public activities, through satyagraha of different kind.
to fight for their self-respect, to fight for their dignity and to fight injustice or the discrimination that they are subjected to in their daily life.
So, he was articulating a struggle for untouchables which would be independent from say, the politics or the movement.
done by Congress and its leadership and also, the left parties and others.
So, he realized that the depressed classes has to fight their own struggle in India.
And he was very concerned about the status or the rights of untouchables or depressed classes in free India.
And from 1920s till 1940s, almost for two, three decades, he constantly or continuously, through different mechanisms, through his writings, through his public activities, by organizing different groups, by launching some protest movements or Satyagraha, he was trying to actually mobilize.
the excluded community or to give them a sense of empowerment to fight injustice and discrimination and also, invite them or to convince them that they had to fight their own struggle and it is not or it cannot be done by the Congress and Gandhi or any other party.
However, in 1920ís, Ambedkar went back to London to resume his studies.
And his DSC thesis was the problem of the rupee.
And he spent few months in Germany and went back to England to qualify as a barrister from Gray Inn in London.
And he returned to India and began his legal practice at Bombay High Court.
He also taught mercantile law at Bartley Boyce Accountancy Training Institute, Bombay from June 1925 to March 1928.
And he also taught law at Government Law College, Bombay.
about a years in 1928-29.
So, in 1924, he started a society to spread education among the depressed classes.
So, Ambedkar, besides his public activities or the political movement or negotiation with the British to safeguard the interest of the Dalits, he was equally focusing on the education as the mechanism to fight injustices or fight discrimination.
And Ambedkar himself was conscious of the role of education in terms of developing the sensibilities against any form of injustices or discrimination and also, to fight such discrimination and injustices.
So, education for Ambedkar is central in the emancipation of the depressed classes or untouchables and he emphasized on the role and spread of education especially, among the depressed classes.
Same year, he intensified his campaign for social reform by establishing Bahiskrit Hetkar Ni Sabha or group for the well-being of the excluded.
So, for him, in India, there is a two categories, two India in a sense of one upper caste India or privileged India and the other is the excluded India or the silence or the A majority of population who is subjected to a kind of psychological condition where they submit to the caste discrimination and caste hierarchy even without realizing it, forget about resisting or fighting such discrimination and injustices.
So, Ambedkar was fighting for such empowerment for the depressed classes not just to fight them.
That will come after the education, after the awareness, but to realize that there are discrepancies and there are differences.
So, in a sense, Ambedkar was most radical and revolutionary in his approach to politics, about social reforms and also, about the formation of political communities.
So, he intensified his campaign for social reforms by establishing Bahiskrit Hetkarani Sabha to promote socio-political awareness among the Dalits and raise public awareness about their goals.
their grievances and their status by Ambedkar.
In 1927, he led this famous Maharsatyagraha to assert the rights of untouchable to access public tanks and wells.
So, as the public property or public resources were inaccessible to certain communities such as temples, tanks or wells against such restrictions in 1927, Maharsatyagraha was elected as the chief minister Ambedkar famously, led this Maharsatyagraha to assert their access or their right to access public tanks and will.
However, this Satyagraha was confronted by the caste Hindus and Ambedkar and his followers publicly, burned Manusmriti to defy religious and rituals confinements upheld by the caste Hindus.
So, Manusmriti is a text or a code of law which sanction this kind of discrimination or this kind of.
So, Ambedkar was aware or the understood the root cause of the caste discrimination is based in the Hindu rituals or Hindu religious texts.
And he publicly, along with many of his followers, burnt this text and which becomes a kind of symbolic.
assertion of their defiance of rituals and religious practices or texts which is discriminatory, which sanction such practices of discrimination.
And it is also, an act of political assertion and empowerment that they are no longer submitting to those texts, those rituals or practices which justify such discrimination or injustices.
So, this was a public act of defiance against such religious and ritual confinements which was upheld by the caste Hindus.
And in this understanding, he was very radical from a kind of relaxed.
approach in Gandhi towards the Hindu orthodoxy which justify, which reproduce such discrimination and injustices and therefore, that discrimination.
So, both of them wanted to reform society to build a stronger India, to strengthen the unity of India.
But the approach to eradicate such social problems or caste hierarchy was very different.
So objective may be similar as now, there is a kind of re-engagement with the thought of Ambedkar and Gandhi which we will discuss certainly in the next class.
But the approach differ very much from each other where Gandhi seems to be more accommodative of Hindu orthodoxy where as Ambedkar was very critical of such orthodoxy among them Hindu or caste Hindu.
So, in 1927, he also started a fortnightly which becomes the vehicle of oppressed class or depressed classes and there is issue which is called Bahiskrit Bharat.
He was appointed as a member of legislative assembly of Bombay in 1927 for 5 years.
And since then, he took legal and administrative routes to promote and protect the interest of depressed classes or untouchables.
And over the next 20 years, he played a key role in the organizing of untouchables.
So, also, because of the popular movement or popular mass movement led by congress and Gandhi was for the freedom struggle.
And Ambedkar realized that the protection of untouchable interest and their rights may not be necessarily done through political or public mobilization alone.
He was organizing many satyagraha, many protest, but he also took the legal or administrative route as a viable means to protect and promote the interest of untouchables and this he continued to do for the next two three decades at least.
So, he took the opportunity presented by the British government to petition for the political rights of Dalits and excluded even when the Indian National Congress chose to boycott constitutional reforms discussion such as Simon Commission visit to India.
And he gradually developed a difference with Congress and its leadership on this question of untouchability and how to remove caste or eradicate caste and remove the practices of untouchability in India.
So, he found three political parties to fight for the rights of Dalit.
In 1936, he found Independent Labour Party to fight the elections.
They fought the elections and won 15 seats.
Also, he formed the Scheduled Caste Federation in 1942 that was intended to unite all untouchables in India and also, the Republican Party of India was conceived in 1956 to unite all the dispossessed untouchables.
See, he also, when fighting against the caste Hindus, he was also, simultaneously, trying to mobilize or unite the depressed classes which was not an easy task which he himself expressed when he said that caste privilege that is associated to different layers of of the different layers of Indian caste society, it is very difficult to unite them or to create a united front to fight the common practices of caste because of the relative privilege that is associated and different caste groups are entitled to.
So, he constantly tried to mobilize or unite them by forming different political parties and also, collaborating with other parties and groups as well.
In June 1942, he was nominated to the Viceroyís Executive Council and when India became independent in 1947, Ambedkar was made Minister of Law and Justice and he introduced several progressive legislation to create an egalitarian society or to remove caste and gender based hierarchical.
structure of Hindu society such as Hindu Code Bill and which becomes a very contested bill and faced enormous opposition from the Hindu orthodoxy on which he resigned.
So, he was fighting for an egalitarian society or a society based on the principle of fraternity and equality, not just political and legal, but also social and economic.
And he was fighting it outside the congress from 1920s till his appointment as a first first minister of law and justice.
But once, he compromised with the congress and helped in shaping the constitution, protecting certain rights or safeguards for minorities or also, the depressed classes or articulating some of the concepts and convincing the members of constituent assembly about many of the contested issues in the constitution.
Ambedkar was also trying to create a society, egalitarian society from within.
But when even that fails, he resigned from the ministerships in September 1951.
And by then, he also developed a deep attraction or attachment with Buddhism and he regarded Hinduism as the root cause of the social hierarchy or the caste based discrimination that exists.
And this he began to develop.
from 1930s onwards, but he also had a kind of comparative study of different religions and finally, converted to Buddhism in 1956 with his millions of followers and six weeks later, he died in New Delhi.
Now, to look at his differences with Congress and Gandhi, we find that Ambedkar was of the opinion that the reform could come only through the purposive action of state.
So, the role of state along with Nehru, Nehru in Ambedkar is very much central.
So, they advocated for the state, he should be strong enough that no community from the no community should dominate the functioning of a state.
So, in a sense, state should have an interventionist role, autonomous role in society to create a more egalitarian society according to the laws and constitution.
So, he was of the opinion that reform is possible only through the purposive action of the state.
So, in his testimony to the Simon Commission, Ambedkar argued that depressed classes should be treated as a distinct independent minority as separate from the Hindus.
And he also advocated direct action for the fulfillment of their rights and launched Satyagraha to allow untouchables to drink water from tanks and enter temples from which they were excluded.
And he asked for greater representation of the depressed classes at all levels of public services.
So, he continuously tried to protect the interest of depressed classes not just against the upper caste or caste Hindus, but also, by negotiating with the British administration or the British rule and wanted depressed classes to be treated as a separate identity along with say Hindu and Muslims.
And he was also, trying to create the political space.
for depressed classes along with Muslims and Hindus in India in their negotiation with the British.
And in 1930s and 40s, Ambedkar wrote a series of tracts criticizing Gandhi and the politics of Congress.
So, in 1930s, the relationship between the two became increasingly, fractious.
Ambedkar saw Gandhiís attempt to persuade to reform rather than reject the caste system as ineffectual.
and a barrier in Dalits emancipation in the protection of their socio-economic and political rights.
And therefore, his understanding of the causes of the caste system and how to eradicate it was very radical, very different from the Gandhian approach by merely appealing to the caste Hindu story to reform and all.
So, as a representative of different classes, Samvedkar attended all the three round table conferences in London.
And it is here, especially, at the second round table conference that he began to seriously differ with Gandhi and his views on caste in India.
And he continued to argue or respond to Gandhian position till Gandhiís death in 1948 and we will discuss it in the next lecture as well.
So, Ambedkar here with this representation and his oratory skill and use of argument, had a successful negotiation with the British which resulted in 1932 Ramsey McDonnell award which is also known as communal award which provided separate electorates for minorities including the untouchables.
And this became like a bomb for the congress or many Indians and in protest, Gandhi started a fast unto death.
Later, a compromise was reached with Ambedkar known as the Pune pact whereby it was decided that a joint electorate would remain for Hindus.
but with greater seats for the depressed classes.
However, with this arrangement, nobody was happy.
So, many of the Gandhiji and his followers thought that Gandhiji considered too much to Ambedkar to give more seats to the depressed classes.
On the other hand, Ambedkar and his followers thought that they lost a great opportunity to emancipate themselves, to fight for their rights and they were subjected to the domination or the oppression.
unjust practices of the caste Hindus.
So, Ambedkar, writes it like that the communal award was intended to free the untouchables from the thralldom of the Hindus.
However, the Puna Pact is designed to place them under the domination of Hindus.
So, the Puna Pact of course, was a kind of compromise and maintain the unity within the Hindu community.
Yet, we have we continue to see in our post-independent India or even in contemporary times, where the whole logic of Ambedkar is in a way, inverse.
So, now, the question is no longer about annihilation of caste.
But state and its policy itself treat caste and the provision associated with caste as something which is going to stay and it is include newer and newer community within different categories for affirmative actions and the welfare policies of the state.
However, Ambedkar was envisioning a society which will be free from any caste discrimination.
So, any relation he was talking about note the.
or continuity of the caste discrimination.
Although, he was critical of British colonial government, Ambedkar was often at odds with Congress and the nationalist movement predominantly, because they clashed over how to address the issue of untouchability.
So, we have seen Ambedkarís approach more radical and revolutionary than the nationalist or the Congressí position on the question of caste.
So, despite some Ambedkar differences with the Congress, when India became independent in August 1947, Nehru invited him to be the first minister of law and justice.
And shortly after the constituent assembly appointed him as the chairman of the drafting commission and that was his major role in shaping the constitution or drafting the constitution of free India.
Ambedkarís influence can be seen in many aspects of Indian constitution such as the strong emphasis on liberal democracy which we will discuss in one of our lecture, the federal structure of governance and the provisions and safeguards for minorities alongside the Kingdom.
So, it is perhaps, because of his influence that constitutionally, untouchability is banned or prohibited or is subjected to punishment if it occurs in any part of the country against anyone.
So, constitutionally, untouchability is abolished and protection of their social, economic and political rights in the form of affirmative actions or what we call reservation is also protected through constitution.
However, Ambedkar thought of it for.
few years as a temporary mechanism and he was thinking about a society which will be free from any kind of discriminations or any kind of preferential treatment or a kind of patronizing approach to solve some problem.
But it has taken a new term which we will discuss in the final lecture, why it is so.
Ambedkar realized and he argued that the policy of political democracy is meaningless without social and economic democracy.
However, he remained confident that the new constitution provided a solid foundation for such transformation of political democracy into a social and economic democracy which he thought post-independent India will achieve.
Now, if you look at very briefly, his views on partition, Ambedkar was convinced that the demand of partition was not just a result of political distemper or differences between the two communities.
When identity becomes the basis.
of their political demands or the political unity, then one has to concede on many pragmatic or political grounds.
And he also, it was not a passing phase.
He was convinced that the very characteristic of Hindu and Muslims was culturally different and their coexistence will depend on their struggle to survive the existing forces in Indian society.
So, the demand for a separate nationhood for Muslim was put forward by many leaders, especially Muslim Leagueís Jinnah, Iqbal and many other prominent leaders.
And therefore, Ambedkar made an attempt to understand its implication sensibly and intelligibly.
He argued for the partition of India even before the independence and he wrote a book titled Pakistan or Partition of India in 1945, where he argued in favour of partition.
Ambedkar elaborately, presented here the question of self-determination and in what political socio-economic circumstances, such a right to self-determination should be sanctioned and he also elaborately, presented facts in favour of his arguments on partition and he took into account perspective of defence, Muslim sentiments, financial resources, communal peace and exchange of population for his defence of two nation arguments.
So, in a sense, he has a very pragmatic political approach to this question of partition supported by the question of self-determination.
So, Ambedkar also, articulating about the political space for the depressed classes alongside Hindu and Muslims in their negotiation with the British or when there was a conflict moment of transfer of power or inevitable transfer of power from the British to the Indians.
And Ambedkar was worried about the future of depressed classes in India.
And therefore, he was trying to protect the interest and constantly, compromises on many of his beliefs or many of the principles he stood for when he joined the congress.
He joined government and became the law minister, took the responsibility of drafting the constitution, became the chairman and also, expressed his thought and faith in the constitution or in the liberal democracy that he envisioned for free India and through that the social and economic transformation or democracy that he wanted India to achieve.
His views on caste and partition, we have touched briefly.
Tomorrow in the next lecture, we will discuss his views on caste especially, through his text on annihilation of caste and also, we engage with his views on religion or how Hinduism or Hindu texts justify or sustain these discriminative practices when we will discuss his engagement with Gandhi.
Now, to conclude this lecture, we find Ambedkar as one of the most educated men and thinker of his generation.
It is inappropriate.
It is inappropriate to engage with him and his thought merely as a leader of Dalits or untouchables.
or as a maker of Indian constitution.
He closely studied and critically, analyzed Indian society and politics and was prophetic in his predictions about the structure and functioning of Indian democracy and constitution.
So, it is now, a kind of cliché to use or appropriate Ambedkar symbolically or present him as a leader of untouchables or the messiah or liberator of the depressed classes and also, as a maker of Indian constitution.
In the process, we tend to restrain from seriously engaging or critically engaging with his thoughts and its various aspects which was very remarkable or prophetic in so many ways.
And his observation of Indian society and functioning of Indian society and the role of constitution and possibility of its misuse by the caste society.
was also something which we need to seriously engage with when we discuss Ambedkar and not merely, use him symbolically for alternative politics or for the constructive politics or whatever.
So, this symbolic use or appropriation of Ambedkar is perhaps, the reason his stature as the hero of modern India, there is a kind of limitation in engagement with his thoughts and ideas because of.
this reduction or symbolic use of Ambedkar either as a leader of depressed classes or as a maker of Indian constitution, we need to think more critically or engage more critically about various sides of his writings or activities.
That is also, perhaps, the reason why in contemporary times, there is a kind of universal acceptance of Ambedkar and his thought across the party from left to the right to the centre to the parties which subscribe to Ambedkar and his views like Bahujan Sumaj party and many others or even the radical.
Dalit politics that is emerging in contemporary India.
So, this is perhaps, the reason his stature as the hero of modern India has undoubtedly, grown over the years especially, in the last two decades after 1990s certainly.
So, Ambedkar has become a kind of hero or a kind of thinker which provide a kind of universal reference point to different parties.
across the political or ideological spectrum.
And there is now resurgence of works on or around the ideas of Ambedkar which we need to seriously engage with.
Now, on this lecture, we have had today, you can look at some of these texts.
This text The Essential Writings of B. R. Ambedkar by Valerian Rodericks is one of the crucial texts which compiled the essential writings of Ambedkar.
This book you can refer to and also, The Ambedkar Building Palaces on the Dung Heaps from Sunil Khennani.
incarnations, India in 50 lives you can refer to and also, some of the texts which we have been referring in our courses, you can refer to understand Ambedkar and his thought.
So, thanks for listening.
Thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends to this second lecture on Jawaharlal Nehru.
In the previous lecture, we have discussed his personal political life, some of his writings and how through discovery of India, he was also trying to find himself fit in or make himself aware of or familiar with Indian history, its past and its philosophy and its civilizational evolution.
And we have also discussed his views on religion, religious harmony.
and all.
Today, in this lecture, we will focus on his views on secularism.
And we will begin with very briefly, his views on how to lay a foundation for modern India and how that foundation should not be guided by any religious, regional, linguistic or any descriptive identity such as caste, ethnicity, race, etcetera.
So, he wanted to mould India or lay the foundation of modern India on a solid base of his philosophy of liberalism or the sole merit of individual and his worth and accordingly, he should get or she should get certain rights and privileges which should not be on the basis of his or her membership to a particular community.
So, the relationship between individual and and the rights and privilege that is given on the basis of that relationship is given on the basis of individuals membership to the state and the citizenship has and its rights has nothing to do with his or her membership to a particular caste, community, religious or otherwise.
So, Nehru articulated such thoughts in his with destiny much before that during the national movement also, he along with Gandhi and congress tried to mold national movement towards a secular politics and not a kind of revivalist religious politics as it was being argued by Muslim League or Hindu Mahasabha and many other religious organization.
And certainly, after the independence, Nehru tried to give it an official status and that we will discuss.
on his views on religion, secularism, critique to Nehruvian ideals and how far his notion of secularism is relevant in contemporary India.
So, in this lecture, we are going to discuss some of these questions.
So, to begin with his speech of Trist with Destiny which I hope you all and request you all to read and listen to which is widely available on net or also on YouTube.
There, he expresses some of the cherished ideals of freedom fighters and what should be the basis of future.
future India.
So, in this text on the eve of Indiaís independence towards the midnight of 14th August 1947, Nehru delivered a speech which is titled ëTrist with Destinyí to the Indian constituent assembly in the parliament where he stated and I quote, ëLong years ago, we made a trist with destiny and now the time comes when we shall redeem our place, not wholly or in full measure.í but very substantially.
It is fitting that at this solemn moment, we take the place of dedication to the service of India and her people and to the still larger cause of humanity.
So, this text or this speech of Jawaharlal Nehru which is widely read and perhaps, one of the most influential political public speech in modern India.
Here, he substantiated the place or the ambitions, the ideals of nationalist movement and how once the freedom is achieved, not completely as there are many challenges that has to overcome, have to overcome.
And there was partition of the country as well which nobody desired and yet, the circumstances compelled the leaders to compromise on that issue.
And there was the communal stripes, communal polarization and social economic challenges.
So, Nehru is very clear, even when there is this solvent occasion of independence, he realizes the challenges or how that freedom.
is not complete, but very substantial.
And that freedom is to dedicate the state, its resources and policy to the service of India and her people.
And there is also the universal strengths of thought in many of the Indian political thinkers including Gandhi or Nehru.
And he goes on to explain and to the still larger cause of humanity which transcends.
the geographical national boundary of India.
So, through this text with Trish with destiny, he virtually laid the foundation for modern India and played a significant role in determining the basic features of Indian society and polity.
So, during his long years of 17 years as the prime minister, he has the defining influence in shaping the polity and state and society in India and how he influenced the institutions and how he laid the foundation of certain socialism and secularism were his greatest contribution in the making of modern India.
He gave a particular mold or direction to the polity in free India and three of the major tenets of such direction was democracy, socialism and secularism.
Nehru favored a strong and secular state which is very different from Gandhian conception of decentralized state where he wanted power to flow from bottom to up.
Nehru had a very vision of a very strong and secular state or interventionist state for social and economic transformation.
So, Nehru favored a strong secular state in order to maintain social stability and religious harmony among the diverse groups and communities in India.
So, Nehru realized the role of state and its nature as a secular state, not a theocratic state as Pakistan or some other countries.
So, it is difficult when a state declares a religion as a state religion and then to maintain a society which is deeply plural or there are different religions and believers of different faiths to maintain harmony and peace in such a society.
Nehru believed that a state which should be a strong state must have a secular character, but his understanding of secularism is very different.
Many of you may come across this conception that So, in opposition to Gandhi who talks about Sarva dharma, Samva that is equal respect to every religion or all religion, Nehru is a western conception where he want a kind of separation of politics from the religion.
But Nehruvian understanding of religion and also, secularism is far more complex than the simplistic differentiation of Nehruvian notion of secularism which is a kind of separation of state and religion to Gandhian notion of secularism which is equal respect for all religion that we will discuss in a minute.
But nonetheless, Nehruvian understanding of state which should be a secular state is essential.
for maintaining harmony and peace in a society which is diverse in terms of its religious practices and belief systems.
But before discussing about Nehruís notion of secularism, it is also necessary or desirable perhaps to understand his views on religion.
So, to look at religion and especially, in India where religion has been and continues to be a defining feature of Indian life and society.
So, much of religiosity which governs all spheres of individual and collective life in India.
So, it is almost inevitable that all the thinkers and public intellectuals or the leaders, political leaders has to engage with this notion of religion.
And in some of the thinkers, we have discussed Raja Ram Monroy to Tagore to Vivekananda to Aurobindo Ghosh and Gandhi, we have seen how they engage with the question of religion and role of religion in the public political life.
And for many of them, the religion is the basis.
for the morality or a particular world view.
And of course, there are differences in their interpretation of religion, but they all engages with the issue of religion and role of religion in Indiaís public political life.
So, and this we see in our contemporary times also where there is invocation of religion and religion as the basis of formation of nationhood or giving certain rights to certain communities, protection of certain communities and a lot of debates that is going on in our contemporary India as well.
So, religion continues to have a kind of defining power Indian life and society.
However, the traditional character of society with pluralistic, medieval, feudalistic and caste-ridden base has left India divided, hierarchized and without a strong unifying force.
So, for many of these modern political thinkers, their task was how to unite India which is divided on so many lines, caste lines, linguistic lines, regional lines, religious lines.
Now, they thought of unifying this India on the basis of nationalism.
But what should be the characteristic of that nationalism?
So, that nationalism be based on certain religion.
or it should have a secular character.
So, Nehru along with Congress and Gandhi, despite of using the religion certainly in Gandhiís vocabulary or terminology, he used a lot of words and concepts which derived from a particular religious tradition.
But Nehru is a different articulation of religion and its role in public political life.
So, they were also, trying or to imagine a nation or nationalism which should be able to unite India.
And therefore, Nehru, Congress and many other leaders tried to construct a nation without any attachment to a particular religion and religious tradition.
However, there have been many as we have discussed in Savarkar certainly, the Hinduism or Hindutva for him as the basis of Indian nationalism, certainly Muslim League or Jinnah and Iqbal thought about Muslim.
or Muslim religious tradition as the basis of Pakistan.
So, there were those who argued about unifying India on the basis of religion and religion caste leads to hierarchy and social divisions that needs to be overcome.
But how that can be overcome and that becomes some of the greatest concern of modern Indian thinkers.
So, despite of the religiosity in India, we also had a strong tradition of toleration or what we call accommodation of religious differences.
But the question for these thinkers then was, should that tolerance which has a negative connotation of it.
It is like we do not agree with you, but we tolerate you.
It is a kind of certain patronizing approach towards the other or the different.
So, we have this strong tradition of toleration or accommodation of religious differences.
But the question for these thinkers said, should religion be a guide of morality and ethics in modern politics.
So, for them, the politics is not just an end in itself.
Politics for them or acquiring power through politics is for larger good of India or still the humanity.
But for that, there is a need to connect politics or political programs with the question of morality and ethics.
For many like Gandhi and others thought about religion as the source of such morality and ethics and therefore, certainly, in the logic of Gandhi, the conception of religion is very different from say in Savarkar or in Iqbal.
where there is a kind of belief in oneís religion, but accommodation or mutual coexistence with other or different religions.
But for Nehru, the role of reason or scientific temperament in others becomes the basis for such questions of morality and ethics.
So, he also, tried to then conceptualize morality and ethics beyond the resources of religion which turned out to be more religious or which is turned out to be more dogmatic, superstitious and based on organized ritualistic.
kind of propagation and it suppresses its own followers.
So, there is hierarchy within a religion.
So, intra-religious hierarchy or inter-religious hierarchy or domination is something Jawaharlal Nehru was trying to grapple with.
And he thought reason or constantly thinking or pondering upon such issues of ethics or a spirituality which remains a vital force in his thinking and thought.
And many in many of his speech and writings, he dwell upon this question of spirituality, ethics and morality.
But what should be the basis of such morality, ethics and spirituality or the humaneness that should be the basis be the work of constant use of mind or constant reasoning and for what purpose that should be.
So, Jawaharlal Nehru was trying to base his conception of ethics and morality on the basis of reason and not religion.
So, Nehruís general outlook towards life was not controlled by religious beliefs.
and practices.
He developed a kind of skepticism towards all forms of organized religion from the very beginning.
And this is clearly manifested in his numerous writings and speech including his autobiography and also, The Discovery of India.
So, it was rather difficult for him with all his rational and scientific training and temperament to adhere to superstitions and dogmas of religion.
whether Hinduism, Islam, Christianity and other religions.
So, Nehru considered region or science as the surer basis for conception of morality and ethics than superstitious belief or dogmatic belief in any practices or organized form of religion.
So much so, even he subjected Gandhian ideals of non-violence and satyagraha to this rational inquiry and critique.
and realized that as a viable or appropriate method of achieving independence in India.
So, he did not have a blind or uncritical acceptance of any ideals or any forms of practices or belief systems.
So, Nehruvian understanding of religion is not a kind of rejection or complete rejection of religion.
So, he accepted some tenets of religion as self-enquiry which allow one to think about the larger questions which science or rationality fails.
And there is a kind of dialogue between Gandhi, Nehru and Tagore also.
And all of them were trying to conceptualize a notion of ethics and morality which should be appropriate for the modern life or the modern individual.
And there, we also find in Nehruvian conception, he comes closer to Tagore.
in his rationalistic or scientific outlook than to Gandhi and yet intuitively, he was also, follower of Gandhi and perhaps, he shared a closer or intimate relationship with Gandhi and his thought and ideals.
But he subjected even that to the critical or rational inquiry and that becomes a matter of his criteria, a heuristic principle for him.
to subject his decision and look at the world more objectively, rather than through the prism of any dogmas or superstitions or belief systems.
So, Nehruís agnosticism which is like not complete rejection, but not also, complete belief in something.
So, he developed an agnostic approach to religion or any form of organized religion.
So, Nehruís agnosticism and scientific temper could not, but make him a non-religious man.
And he claims himself not as a Hindu, not as a Muslim or as a Christian, but he developed a kind of indifference or agnostic approach to the religion.
And yet, he was deeply engaged with the spiritual questions, the question of humanity or humaneness in him also, forced him to engage with the question of religion at the deeper level, at the fundamental.
the Indian people, every section of Indian society.
So, therefore, the task of constitution is something which should be acceptable to the every section of Indian society and through that he envisioned a kind of unity or Indiaís can be united together only on the basis of a secular constitution or a secular state.
And secularism, therefore, for Nehru was a creed.
as a basis for the establishment or for the shaping the polity and state and its institution in modern India.
So, for him, secularism was not only a political doctrine or a belief in the political nature of political aspect of this question about secularism, but a social one of revolutionary character which embarrassed all religions.
So, there is no rejection.
There is no undermining of religion, but a kind of critical approach to religion where certain dogmas, certain superstitions and irrational practices and beliefs needs to be criticized or challenged.
And yet, he wanted a state which should distend itself from all form of religion and should not prefer or promote any particular religion or creed.
So, for him, secularism was not only a political doctrine.
but a social one of revolutionary character.
So, think of a society which is deeply religious and he want that society to develop a kind of united force or a kind of solidarity which should be based on complete freedom of equality, liberty and justice.
So, opportunity should be given to everyone without any consideration to their belonging or their membership to a particular caste or a community or a religion.
So, and that he wanted not just to be limited to the state and polity, but it should encompass all sphere of society as well.
So, therefore, The secularism for him, it is a revolutionary character which embarrassed all religions and all communities in India.
It means a social structure where individuals would not be subjected to some hierarchical position in society on the basis of oneís faith or religion.
It means a certain mental attitude on the part of individual and groups towards the members of other religious groups and communities.
Intergroup and interpersonal relations are not supposed to be affected by.
religion and religious consideration.
So, he wanted to construct a society, not just a state and polity on the basis of secularism.
For him, secularism should be the basis which will bring egalitarian society into existence from a deeply hierarchical feudal caste-ridden society in India.
And for Nehru, secularism is not just about religious domination and countering religious domination of one community over the other.
But it also, entails removing all kind of hierarchy be it between men, women or be it on the basis of caste.
However, his own conception of secularism takes different shape when many of his followers which we can also call Nehruvian, their understanding of Nehruís secularism was reduced to protection of minoritim which leads to a lot of criticism of his model.
But for Nehru, secularism is also about bringing radical transformation in society to remove any kind of hierarchy.
or divide which is on the basis of religion or caste or gender and interfaith or interpersonal relationships that individual shares in the society should not be guided by any religious beliefs or irreligious beliefs or the space for those who do not believe in religion.
So, for Nehru, the role of religion in society or the secularism is towards transforming a society into a more egalitarian.
society, divide of any hierarchy on the basis of caste or religion.
So, now, if you look at this conception of secularism, we find according to Nehru, secular philosophy neither mean irreligion.
That is something, we need to emphasize on for in contemporary debates, the usual critique and the very often, you hear that secularism is automatically mean or seen as anti-religion or anti-religion or irreligion.
But for Nehru, secular philosophy means neither irreligion nor only material well-being or just the scientific or brutal outlook to life and society.
It contained spiritual elements also and his concept of secularism has many four aspects that we will discuss one by one.
But most important thing that we need to keep in mind here is that for Nehruvian conception of secularism.
it does not mean irreligion or absence of religion.
But it engages with religion and create a state which is not guided by any of them and yet, engages with those who which requires state interventions to prevent domination of one religious community by the other be it majority or minority.
But it has of course, different nuances which somewhat get left out in the post-Nehru or what you called his followers conception or articulation of secularism.
So, in his conception of secularism, the question of spiritual as we were discussing what morality and ethics is also deeply embedded there and characterize his understanding of secularism.
And that is why he is not an atheist, but an agnostic.
He dwells with spiritual questions, the question of ethics and morality and yet do not want to be guided by any particular religion, certainly, it is organized form of religion.
So, if religion is about religiosity.
or about developing a better self or about self-enquiry or about developing a ethical outlook to society, to community, towards self or towards other, then perhaps, Nehru will agree to such conception of religion.
But if it is about a kind of routine, organized, dogmatic structure of religion which creates hierarchy between one religion and the other, or between within one religion between the priest, the ulemas or the Maulvis or the pandits and the followers, Nehru has deep problem with such conception of religion.
So, in his understanding of secularism, there is no absence or irreligiosity in the conception of secularism.
Now, to discuss these four aspects of secularism in Nehruvian conception of secularism, the most essential feature of secularism.
according to Nehru was the granting of equal status to the religion.
In other words, the question of equality, all religion, all forms of belief systems or practices are regarded equal in the eyes of state according to Nehru.
So, he believed that the right to perform religious ceremonies should certainly, be guaranteed to all communities and no preference, no preferential treatment in terms of organizing or believing.
or performing certain ceremonies or in certain beliefs and practices.
So, no religion should have any special privilege and no community should be deprived of its legitimate rights on the basis of religion.
So, in other words, the state and its rights, its sanctions to the citizen is independent of their membership to a particular religion or not.
So, state treats all religion equally.
In other words, it does not make any discrimination only on the basis of their membership to a particular religious community.
So, unlike Savarkar, where we have seen the Hindutva, the question of who is Hindu and therefore, the basis of Hindu Rashtra and their status in such Hindu Rashtra because they belong to a particular community is very different from Nehruvian conception of individual or the role of religion.
So, the question of equality becomes crucial in his conception of religion.
So, he writes, I find it difficult to appreciate why political or economic rights should be, should depend on the membership of a religious group or community.
It can fully understand the right to freedom in religion.
So, the freedom, right to freedom in religion is something which he wanted to guarantee to every member or community without any consideration of their beliefs or faith.
So, to him, it meant equal respect for all faiths and equal opportunity for those who profess any faith or do not profess at all.
So, the question of equality is the crucial one in his conception of secularism.
So, in modern plural society, the concept of personal faith.
and personal conduct must be respected.
Secularism is a federal principle applied to a federal society for the welfare of the whole and not few a particular group, but the whole section or the whole community.
So, Nehru declared we are building a free secular state where every religion and belief has full freedom and equal honour, whose every citizen has equal liberty and equal opportunity.
So, that is his conception of secularism here.
The personal conduct and personal belief is something which is respected or guaranteed by the state and the constitution and there is no discrimination on the basis of.
any particular religion and religious community and the membership thereof.
Now, to look at the second feature of secularism according to Nehru is that state should follow a policy of neutrality or we can also say a kind of distance from the affairs of religion or religious affairs.
This is related to in a western conception of secularism.
The American model is about a wall of separation between state and polity and the church and the both should not interfere with each other.
So, it is said that American legislation cannot or is not supposed to pass a legislation on the matters related to church and similar or vice versa, church is not supposed to interfere in the matters of state or politics.
So, here, but however, in Nehruvian conception of secularism, the idea of neutrality is a little different or somewhat unique.
in the context of India with a diverse religion, majority on the other hand or minority on the other.
So, he was also aware of the threat or the sense of insecurity among the minorities communities and there the role of neutrality or absolute neutrality is something, he was trying to modify or trying to put it in such a way which will help in developing a self-confidence or ensuring.
equality of opportunity to every religion without any consideration to their numerical strength.
So, however, the question of state and its neutrality that state does not patronize or prefer one religion over the other or state does not have its own religion.
It does not mean state is irreligious, but it means that state do not have any official religion, but it does engage with the… before the independence, Nehru clarified his point of view.
So, I am convinced that the future government of free India must be secular in the sense that government will not associate itself directly with any religious faith.
Earlier in 1931, in Karachi congress also, which Nehru drafted the resolution on fundamental rights, he, it also, states that states shall observe neutrality in regard to all religions.
So, it will maintain a distance.
A state was expected to follow a policy of coexistence so far as various religions were concerned.
If the state tried to infringe upon religious freedom, then that approach would be not only wrong in itself, but will inevitably, lead to frictions and troubles.
So, moreover, any such attempt according to Nehru would be thoroughly anti-democratic.
So, here, one can also understand the different mobilization which was unfolding during the anti-colonial struggle.
And for a very long time, there was mobilization on the basis of religious lines also, which deeply disturbed Gandhian Nehruvian conception of India or Indian nationalism which is based on secular principle.
Of course, Gandhi and Nehru differ in their conception of secularism, but nonetheless, they wanted India to be a secular India without any consideration to any particular religious community.
And therefore, Nehru has a very strong critique.
or he was a vocal critic of any conception of Hindu Rashtra or Muslim Rashtra.
And he wanted India to be free from any religious influence or religious character to provide opportunity or equal opportunity for different religions without interfering in any particular religion, which he thought may lead to further disharmony or rights.
So, the religious violence and rights are not something unheard of, it was more frequent.
And the social structure which is deeply hierarchical or violent is something which he wanted to eradicate and only way to eradicate such social divisions on the basis of religion was possible through a state which should be a secular state and which should maintain a neutrality from any forms of religions practices or any particular religion.
Now, thirdly, to Nehru, secularism also meant a certain mental attitude and this is not just about the political aspect of secularism or as we have discussed just about a state, but he wanted every community or every individual or every Indian to develop a particular mental attitude towards other.
Here, other within quote means different communities or religious differences.
So, to Nehru, secularism also meant a certain mental attitude on the part of various communities.
Particularly, in India with the variety of religious groups, it becomes most essential that they should develop an attitude which can bring about harmony and feeling of fraternity towards one another.
So, how to deal with other, how to engage with other.
So, one of the strengths of religion is it gives a particular world view with certainties about religion and which certainties about morality and ethics, how we should live the life, how we should deal with others and we have seen certainly, in European experiences, where other is seen as a threat, as an existential threat.
So, if one is guided by one's religious beliefs and faith, then So, his or theirs encounter with the other or different the one who is following or believing in different faith is somewhat violent, somewhat based on mistrust or kind of seen as an existential threat and which leads to perpetual violence as European countries have experienced such religious violence.
Gandhi, Nehru and congress wanted to avoid such path of religious violence where they each see other as an existential threat and then therefore, kind of separation and other things.
So, partition is result of such things, but the future India or the modern India that Nehru wanted to build or gave a dominating shape or a kind of very effective institutions and somewhat, he has been successful in giving a secular character to Indian state and secularism becomes an article of faith.
for many of or millions of Indians which is certainly, now, under some somewhat revision or somewhat re-articulation.
But the secular characteristic of Indian state is by and large result of Nehruvian understanding of the state and its role, where he wanted secularism to be accepted by the state, by different communities and they see each other and the interrelationship between them should be governed by the secular belief rather than the secular belief.
by their own particular religious faiths and beliefs and that will lead to a stable society, harmonious society and develop a kind of fraternity which is desirable for Indiaís progress and development.
So, to Nehru, it was quite clear from the beginning that the realization of secular ideal depended largely upon the attitude adopted by the majority community, the Hindus towards the other minority communities.
So, there is a kind of neutrality, but at the same time, some kind of protection to the vulnerable communities or the minorities.
So, repeatedly, he emphasized that the Hindus must always remember that the interest and the well-being of the minorities are their sacred trust.
If they fail in their trust, then they endure not only the country but themselves.
So, any narrow and aggressive attitude on the part of the majority community would create a feeling of apprehension in the minds of minority communities.
And he opined that it was much better to displease a few persons.
to lose an election rather than fail in the ideals of secularism.
So, he had such a strong faith in secularism and secular ideals that he was prepared to subject himself to critique or displease his enemy.
And Gandhi certainly, from 1930s developed a lot of enemies because of his views on religious matters and the role of secularism in Indian polity or Indian nation and the kind of.
relationship he wanted to develop between Hindus and Muslims.
So, for Nehru also, the protection of religious minority is the responsibility or developing a sense of confidence among those who are in the minorities is something which he wanted majority community or Hindus to shoulder.
And if it is not done or if such sense do not prevail among the minorities, then it will lead to a kind of harm to the communities and also, to the social harmony which is required.
So, finally, he wanted secularization of all areas of social life as we have discussed.
And Nehru recognized how deeply, religions like Hinduism and Islam penetrated into the social life of India.
Therefore, he wanted to secularize every sphere of Indian society.
So, here, one can also make a distinction between secularism which is a belief, which is a theory, which is an article of faith and then a process of secularism which should enter every sphere of individual and community life and the interpersonal relationship should not be governed by religion which is the case even today or the caste or any other form of hierarchical relationships.
So, Nehru also talked about the role of secular state in the process of secularization.
So, his concept of secular state was based on this following assumption that no matter how great one religion might be in the first sense, the state cannot identify with it or with any other religion.
It cannot attach itself to any one religion and declare it as the state religion.
So, the state may be nourished by all.
or by none.
So, there may be the existence of many religions or one religion, but a state cannot identify itself with that religion no matter how much great that religion might be.
So, in the conception of many leaders who thought about a theocratic state as in the form of Hindu Rashtra or Muslim Rashtra, Nehru conceptualized Indian state or modern Indian state on the secular line, where state does not have its own religion and do not affiliate itself with any religion.
no matter how great that religion is.
Second, in Nehruís views, a secular state cannot be anti-religious state.
It is not a state where religion as such is discouraged.
He argued that a secular state must accept the public presence of all religions.
Also, to foster cooperation between different religious communities would be a constitutive objective of secular state.
So, there the question of neutrality is somewhat tweaked here in a sense that state does not affiliate itself with any religion.
And yet, it does not prohibit any religious groups or it does not discourage any religion.
So, it acknowledges the public presence of religion and it tries to develop among them a kind of harmony or fraternity and that is the objective of modern secular state which does not mean anti-religion state or irreligious state.
So, it is the duty of a secular state.
to protect religious diversity that is there in India and to undermine inter-religious dominations or to counter any kind of religious domination of one community by the other.
So, in a religiously diverse society, where the prospects of inter-religious dominations loom large, a secular state's respect for all religions manifests itself as a commitment to minority rights.
And therefore, the minority rights and protection of minority rights becomes a necessary for a secular state where there are always the possibilities of dominating one religious community by the other.
So, in that case, Nehru justifies state interventions in the majoritarian acts of a religious community.
So, therefore, he understand the role of state and its forces in maintaining at times, the religious dominations of one group over the other.
So, he believed that the use of force, violence and coercion was necessary for the functioning apparatus of the state.
It protected in the instances of external aggressions, armed rebellions and internal disputes such as riots and others.
However, it should not be used in the evil spirit of hatred and cruelty.
So, these forces which may be helpful in the times of you know, crisis or existential threat to the state which he acknowledged, but he did not want it to use for in a negative sense or with the spirit of hatred and cruelty towards the other or any particular communities.
So, In collaboration with this, the state requires to formulate coercive laws and regulation for the maintenance of peace, harmony and unity within its territorial jurisdiction.
So, a state can regulate the religious violence or control that violence, regulate certain organizations which may lead to law and order problem or pose a threat to the state.
So, in that, in such context, he wanted and therefore, in Nehru, we have a strong conception of a state capable of enforcing its will on the society or in the society, which is deeply hierarchical, feudalistic or believes in domination of one group over the other, be it on the basis of caste or religion or gender.
And therefore, in his conception, a strong or interventionist state is desirable to create India which should be a secular India and where there is non-discrimination on the basis of.
religion, caste and gender.
However, the use of such force, violence or regulation is not in ill faith or in evil spirit of hatred or cruelty towards other or any particular religion.
So, the idea is to develop social harmony or a society or interpersonal relationship in the society, which should develop a true or mutual respect or true faith or solidarities.
which will help in transforming India socially and economically.
So, Nehru also, tried without much success to evolve a uniform civil code for the whole of Indian people irrespective of the distinction of religion and caste by introducing many measures of social legislation.
And to some extent, his support for Hindu code bill as proposed by Ambedkar is also because of his belief in reforming the society within or religious groups or community within.
So, many measures he undertook, but there is also his acute sense of the time.
the circumstances which also, enabled him to understand the limitation of his time or his context.
So, he tried these measures, but remained compromised in his success or in his objectives.
So, he once wrote that the word secular conveyed to him much more than its mere dictionary meaning, especially, in the context of the social condition prevailing in this country.
According to D. A. Smith, the definition of the secular state in Nehru was of a religiously neutral body.
For example, state protects all religion, but does not favour one at the expense of others and does not itself adopt any religion as the state religion.
It is not a theocratic state, it does not favour a particular state over the other and yet, it protects all the religions especially, when there is a domination of one religious community over the other.
So, secondly, the process of secularisation should extend.
to the social realms of day-to-day life which includes the social codes and rules of marriage, inheritance, civil and criminal law, political organization and indeed, almost everything else.
So, Nehruvian conception of secularism is not limited to the state laws and constitution, but also, to transform or to influence everyday life in the society and the way society govern itself through the marriage law, inheritance law, civil and criminal law etcetera.
So, lastly, the inclusion of provision of fundamental rights and the articles of 15, 25, 26, 28 and 325 further, reinforced the secular agenda of Nehruvian state in India.
which is distinct from the Gandhian idea which provided equal amount of consideration and respect to all religious faith.
Now, to look at some of the critiques of Nehruvian model of secularism, we find as a liberal democrat, Nehru was mainly, instrumental for inculcating into our constitution some of the prominent liberal trends.
However, Nehruís model of secularism is not free from criticism and many scholars and political theorists have criticized his secularism on the following grounds.
First, they criticized Nehru for his identification of secularism with the defense of minority rights.
if only purpose of secularism is to equally respect all religions and to provide support to all of them.
So, here again, one needs to make a distinction between Nehruís own conception of secularism or a secular state and what is termed as the Nehruvian model of secular state.
So, as I was saying that Nehru himself, want to use secularism much beyond the political sphere or the affair of the state to encompass all aspects of social life or individual community lives.
to eradicate or to remove all kind of hierarchy, be it on the basis of caste, gender or religion.
So, his understanding of religion or secularism is very different from the Nehruvian conception of secularism which came to be regarded merely as a protection of minority rights or many argue about the minority appeasement.
But Nehruvian conception is much more broader and complex than this conception.
But however, as many of his followers came to believe or the practices of state.
came to be understood or perceived as merely as a protection of minority rights.
Hence, there is a critique to his conception of secularism.
Second, Nehruvian model of secularism hardly helped in countering intra-religious dominations.
Rather, its main focus was on fighting inter-religious dominations.
So, for this reason, the strength of Nehruvian secularism or its defense of minority becomes its weakness and became only a pro-minority secularism.
So, as we have discussed that the question of hierarchy.
within a religion.
So, Nehru did understand the intra-religious domination of one group over the other group within the same belief or belief system or same religious tradition.
However, the conception of secularism as being practiced hardly, in counter or counter this hierarchy.
So, within Hinduism, we see the upper caste dominating the lower caste or Dalit reassertion or self-dignity movements and similarly, in In Islam, we see such kind of intra-religious domination which hardly get resolved by this Nehruvian model of secularism and that remains one of the critique of Nehruvian model of secularism.
So, to conclude, however, we find that Nehru regarded secularism as the most essential feature of a modern democratic society and modern India could not go back to the narrow medieval concept of a theocratic state.
And he said if she were to develop like a modern state, how could she believe in the religious theocratic conception of a state?
which considers people of other faiths as something beyond the pale, something which should be discarded or something which should be subjugated or controlled or regulated.
So, Nehru secularism was a practical necessity in India as a solution to the problem of religious diversity which was a challenge to her unity, harmony and social stability.
So, Nehruvian conception of secularism is much beyond the philosophical or theoretical articulation of the term, but it was to give a proper proper effect in the everyday functioning of Indian state or developing a society which should be peaceful, harmonious despite of being, despite of the presence of diverse religions or plurality in terms of religious faiths and belief systems.
So, there is a practical concern or pragmatic approach to secularism in Nehruvian conception as well.
So, it is a practical necessity or the pragmatic approach which also, defines his conception of secularism and not just.
merely theoretical or intellectual interest in this question of secularism.
So, Charles Chester Bowles writes of Nehru as one of his greatest achievements is the creation of a secular state in which the 45 millions of Muslims who chose not to go to Pakistan may live peacefully and worship as they please.
So, one of the achievements of Nehruvian state is also considering the the fragile nature or the effect or aftermath of partition, the polarization of community on the basis of religion.
In such a context, Nehru by and large was successful in giving a direction to Indian state in a secular giving a secular direction to Indian state without any consideration to the.
religious groups and communities.
Of course, that is now, somewhat again, revisited in the context of post Babri politics, post Babri masjid demolitions politics in India.
But certainly, for a very long time, India despite of so many riots and communal tensions maintained a secular path and credit for that.
must be and should be given to Nehruvian conception of secularism or Nehruvian ideals of secularism.
So, it was due to Nehruís efforts that India emerged and developed as a secular state in mid-20th century and where there is a great many organizations working towards revivalism of different religious varieties.
So, much before independence, he played a heroic role in development of a secular basis for Indian polity and he was instrumental along with Gandhi and others too.
give a decisive secular turn to anti-colonial struggle, differentiating himself for the Hindu revivalist movement on the one hand and Muslim separatist on the other.
So, Nehru did play a very significant role much before the independence in giving the secular base to Indian polity, Indian freedom struggle, defining Indian nationalism in a more secular sense than in a narrow revivalist sense of religious.
So, in the post-independent India, certainly, when he was prime minister for 17 years, he had decisive impact in shaping Indian state as a secular state.
And we did develop in, we did succeed in developing a sense of confidence among the minorities or different communities in India.
And for a state, the membership to a particular community does not or do not entitle him for preferential treatment or special treatment.
So, that is all on Nehruvian conception of secularism.
In the next class, we will be discussing his views on internationalism and his contribution to foreign policy and some of the major contribution he made in international politics or in global arena.
So, on this question of secularism in Nehru, you can refer to some of the texts, certainly, this recent work by Rajiv Bhargav.
Nehru against Nehruvian, on religion and secularism, you get the complex or nuanced understanding of Nehruís concepts on Nehruís understanding of religion and how Nehruvian appropriation of Nehru ideals.
Nehruvian I mean, the followers of Nehru and their appropriation of Nehru, Nehruvian model of religion or secularism was very simplistic and lead to a kind of problematic to the understanding of secularism.
So, that you can read from this article.
The other text you can look at is Sources of Indian Traditions and Political Thought in Modern India.
And also, this text Nehru and Secularism from the Indian Journal of Political Science and also, Benjamin, Zakaria, Nehru.
So, these are some of the texts you can refer to understand Nehru's concept of secularism.
So, thank you and thanks for your patience.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Hello all and welcome friends to this lecture on Jawaharlal Nehru.
And from Jawaharlal Nehru, we will focus on his major text called Discovery of India, his views on secularism and internationalism.
Today, in this lecture, we will focus mainly on Nehru, his personal and political career, the kind of text he wrote, his involvement in the national politics and also, we will discuss his views through Discovery of India on socialism.
on science and rationality and also liberal democracy.
So, these things we will cover today.
In the next lecture, we will discuss his views on secularism and following that, we will discuss his views on internationalism or Indiaís role in the global arena.
So, to begin with, to discuss Jawaharlal Nehru, he is someone who shaped the political the politics and society of independent India in its formative years.
And for a very long time almost for two decades, he developed a consensus which we also call Nehruvian consensus and modelled a path for economic, social transformation in society and politics which had a kind of broader consensus across the parties, across the heterogeneous sections of Indian society.
And Nehru played a defining role in developing such consensus in post-independent India.
And prior to independence, he also had deep influence in shaping the course of Indiaís national struggle.
And he was one who championed the cause of complete independence from the British rule or a kind of aggressive national politics to achieve such a goal.
So, independence is someone is something which remains dear to Nehru and he constantly fought, organized and mobilized public opinion around that.
So, before he entered into the scene, there was different kind of debates going on about Swaraj or dominion status or complete independence or Indianization of bureaucracy or administration within the British rule.
Nehru was someone who began to articulate about the complete independence for India which he asserted.
In one of the session, he passed this resolution about complete independence from the British rule.
And also, within the congress, there was a diverging opinion about social reforms on the one hand and political independence on the other hand, economic planning on the one hand and attainment of Swaraj on the other.
Nehru was very clearly, articulated and asserted the need for political power to attain social reforms or also, economic transformation of the society.
And he made it very clear or clear.
convincing to many of his followers and to the congress that the attainment of Swaraj is necessary for social reforms and the economic transformation of India.
We find in Nehru that he was the first and till today, the longest serving prime minister of independent India for 17 years and he had a defining impact on the politics and society of post-independent India.
In Nehru, we also have a kind of unusual combination of intellectual on the one hand and public practical political leader on the other hand.
One has to make this distinction between an intellectual who envision or who articulate the social problems and provide the remedies or solution for such problems or challenges.
And a political pragmatic leader is someone who is immersed in the politics of his time and guided by the necessity of such times or requirements of such context.
So, intellectual in Nehru has a kind of vision for state in society of modern India.
A practical pragmatic leader in Nehru also realized the possibility or feasibility of certain goals and also the lack of certain goals.
lacking or weakness in the congress and also, in the Indian society.
And therefore, there is also, an element of compromise or a kind of pragmatic approach in his politics and his thought and also, in his ideas on many of the issues.
So, Nehru has this unusual combination of an intellectual and also, a practical political leader which is reflected in many of his writings and speeches.
Nehru was the staunch critic of religious, metaphysical or revivalist politics.
which is regarded as the greatest impediments to the cause of national liberation.
So, during the national movement and even in contemporary India, there are many kinds of politics guided by a particular identity be it religious, linguistic, regional or sectarian.
And there is also the revivalist tendency or religious flavor in such politics.
Nehru is someone along with Gandhi and he gave it a proper shape during the national movement.
And for him, the identities of religion, caste or language or region hardly matters in his conception of Indian or Indiaís struggle for freedom or the India he and his colleagues were envisioning.
And for him, the organization or the parties who promote such religious, religious, religious metaphysical or revivalist politics is a greatest impediment to the national liberation.
And therefore, he criticized Muslim leagues and other religious parties including Hindu Mahasabha and many other religious organizations.
He wanted Indian nationalism to be constitutive of secularism, rational, scientific and international outlook.
For Nehru, Indiaís liberation or Indiaís struggle for freedom is necessary or inevitable.
for India to play a greater role in the world politics.
And to do that, he wanted Indian nationalism to be constituted of not a narrow sectarian identities or revivalist tendencies, but a secular which is free from any kind of religious identities of a person or a community.
So, he developed the conception of India which is free from any kind of religious biasness or other kind of prejudices.
And also, nationalism should have a rational or scientific outlook with an international approach or international outlook as well where India cannot remain isolated from the larger politics.
So, in the interdependent world and Nehru argued in many of his writings to think of independence is also a negative connotation.
That means, no country in the interdependent world can sustain itself in isolation from the other nations or other countries.
So, therefore, he understood this negative connotation of independence and yet he fought and he believed in complete independence of India from the British rule and he argued that.
a nation suppressed or ruled by a foreign country cannot contribute positively in the larger community of the nation.
And therefore, he was forced to understand and realize that India has to have an international outlook even when it is fighting for its own national liberation.
So, he extended his solidarity to the freedom struggles that is going on in different countries of Asia and Africa and also, provided leadership in non-alignment movement and other global movements.
global politics or organization to assert the demands and articulate for a peaceful and harmonious world.
So, for Nehru, Indian nationalism also has a kind of international outlook in its constitutive elements.
It is not isolated, it is not solitary or not confined to a particular religion or a particular territory.
And yet, it continued to fight for the independence from the foreign rule.
So, that is something which is there in many other thinkers we have discussed when they think or imagine about India, the global or the international politics or issues remain deeply embedded in their thought and thinking and Nehru is no exception to that.
In Nehru, we also find that he deeply venerated Gandhi and Gandhi trusted him the most and therefore, he is also regarded as the heir apparent of Mahatma Gandhi.
So, they deeply shared each otherís concerns and mutual respect and also, their service for the masses.
So, power, politics or independence for them to transform or to uplift the millions of starving or exploited or oppressed masses of India.
So, he was president of Indian National Congress for four times and was made the prime minister of the independent India.
During his long years of prime ministership, he had molded the course of India both at national as well as the international level for 17 years almost.
And he also kept foreign policy portfolio with him and had profound influence in shaping the foreign policy of free India.
From the strategies for planning and development to the making of foreign policy, he had an immense impact on the present and future of the country.
And very rightly, therefore, he is regarded as the architect of modern India.
So, no personality, no thinker has such a great influence or defining influence in shaping the destiny.
of a nation nationally or internationally as Nehru did.
And therefore, it is rightly said that Nehru is one of the greatest architect of modern India.
One of the texts to really understand the passion or the objective of Nehru and his struggles.
for socialist transformation of society and economy along with a parliamentary liberal form of democracy and he was also a great institution builder.
So, many IITs, IIMs, academies are built by Nehru.
So, for first formative years, he played a very significant role in building the democratic institutions and shaping the democratic culture in post-independent free India.
One of the texts or speech one can read about his passion for future India is his Trist with Destiny.
And there, he envisioned the long cherished goal of many of the leaders of nationalist movement that was about wiping out tears from each eyes and that is connected with the idea of Sarvodaya or Antyodaya in many modern Indian.
thinkers or political thinking which is to serve the masses, the serving, the starving or the oppressed masses that is the goal of independence and so long as that goal is not achieved, the work is not complete as well.
So, he provided such objectives or set such goals for free India to achieve and that helped in developing what we also called and the lecture I have begun with the Nehruvian consensus.
the land acquisition, the centralized planning or mixed economy or institutions building is all to achieve certain objectives to which all agree.
There was a consensus on that.
Now, at the international level in Nehru, he was one among the most prominent leaders of non-alignment movement which continues to play a greater role in the international affairs or international relations.
He also, extended support to the freedom struggles in other countries as we have discussed and had consistently, argued for the independence.
foreign policies of the newly emerging countries in Asia and Africa.
And he played a leading role in the formation of non-alignment movement.
Internationally, he was a non-figure in anti-colonial, anti-imperial and anti-fascist struggle and movements.
So, his humanistic or international outlook enabled him to understand the consequences or the evil consequences of the fascism and therefore, he accepted democratic parliamentary forms as a acceptable form for social and economic transformation as well and criticized all form of authoritarian rule and politics.
He was equally critical of the imperial or the colonial power who were fighting the fascist forces on the one hand and yet legitimizing imperialism and subjugating colonial people to their oppressive authoritarian and exploitative rule on the other.
Nehru developed a kind of to both fascism and also, imperialism and colonialism.
And he was prominent leader in the struggle against the imperial or colonial forces on the one hand and also, the critique of fascist politics on the other.
Apart from being a political leader, he was also a leading intellectual of his time.
As we have discussed, there is a combination of a political leader or a pragmatic political leader on the one hand or intellectual visionary on the other.
And Nehru was a kind of… idealist, immersed in the politics of his time.
So, there are very few individuals in the history like Nehru, he embodied together the ability of efficient statecraft with the intellectual thinking or the intellectual vision.
He was the founder editor of a newspaper called National Herald and wrote frequently in national and international dailies and magazines.
And through his writings, he conveyed the world Indiaís struggle for freedom.
and its unique methods of non-violence and satyagraha to achieve it.
So, like Gandhi, Nehru also used his writings to convey to the world about Indiaís struggle for freedom, Indiaís oppression and unjust rule of British in India.
So, he spent, so his writings become also a tool for mobilization.
for mobilizing national opinion as well as the opinion of the other countries in solidarity with Indiaís struggle for freedom.
And also, through that he extended his solidarity to the other freedom struggles going on in different countries of Asia and Africa.
He spent a considerable amount of time in jail about 10 years over a period of around 30 years from 1917 to 1947.
And he wrote most of his text.
in the jail.
And these are now published as Glimpses of the World History which he wrote as a letters to his daughter Indira Gandhi which is published in 1934 and autobiography in 1936 and the discovery of India in 1946.
These books especially, his discovery of India are still in print and are widely read.
So, this text discovery of India is very profound not just for Nehru, for him, it is a personal journey to understand and comprehend the nuances the mystery or the timeless past of Indian civilization, its philosophy and history.
But also, for many fellow nationalist, fellow colleagues and even for future generation, this text remain a reference point to understand the different personalities, different phases of Indian history.
And remarkably, when he was deeply involved in the politics of his time.
He wrote such text in incarnation when he was in jail and that shows the profound ability of Nehru to grasp or to understand not just education he had in West in England, but also, the ancient philosophies and history of India and this text remained widely read text and most referred text even today.
During his prime ministership however, he also wrote.
letters to the chief ministers of different states of India every fortnightly.
He made it a point to write to the chief ministers who were supposed to govern the states in different parts of India and he continuously, wrote every fortnightly from 1947 to 1963.
And in these letters which contained a wide range of topics concerning Indiaís internal as well as the external role from economic development to linguistic and religious politics, the ethics of governance and the cold war or Indiaís place in the global world, the role of nuclear energy and etceteraís institutions.
and all.
So, Nehru was a prolific writer also and had a deep sense of the requirements of the time or a country or the context and how to solve it and he was equally efficient in statecraft.
So, there is a kind of unusual mix in Nehru as a successful political leader, equally prolific writer and also an intellectual visionary.
These letters of Nehru later in 1980ís published in five volumes and each volumes contained more than 500 pages and which is the living history Indiaís proof of Indiaís living history during the time of Nehruís prime ministership.
In addition to this, Nehru was also a self-critique and also, wanted himself subjected to popular and public scrutiny and critique.
So, he wrote about himself.
his dreams and aspirations of India and sometimes, writing about his personal life had put him in extreme vulnerability.
But he wanted himself and his deeds to be subjected to public critique and scrutiny.
So, this is something, a deeply democratic traits in Nehruís personality when throughout the freedom struggle, certainly, after Gandhian phase of 1920s, he was second in terms of popularity to Gandhi.
And after the independence, he was the unrivaled leader except for a brief period between often.
coated rivalry between Patel and Nehru.
So, despite of their differences or approach to politics, they were also collaborators and they helped in shaping the destiny of modern India.
But after the death of Patel, Nehru remained unrivaled leader and yet deeply, public treats in Nehru allowed him to subject himself and his deeds to popular and public critic.
And he believed in that democratic culture which he wanted India to foster or which he wanted in India to be strengthened.
So, there is one instance when he was a member He wrote to the famous cartoonist Shankar and he told him, Shankar do not spare me.
So, that is a democratic traits which Nehru had and he wanted that to be built and strengthened in India's political life or political culture, not the cult worship or blind following of a leader or a person, but subject him and his deeds to public and popular scrutiny and critique.
With Nehru, we also find in, he is portrayed in multiple frames due to both his own interpretation and also, appropriation of him by his followers as well as his critics.
He is loved and admired and also, criticized at the same time for anything or there is a mistake.
So, at the same time, for anything and everything, India has achieved or not achieved.
So, he was there at the helm of affairs for a very long time.
So, anything that India has achieved.
and not achieved.
Nehru is considered responsible for that and as I was saying, there was a kind of Nehruvian consensus.
But when there was this disillusionment with such Nehruvian consensus, he is regarded as the villain of all the missed opportunity which India missed and which India could not achieve.
So, he is loved and admired for many of his deeds.
for shaping certain cultures, establishing certain institutions and also, modelling India in a path of parliamentary democracy with a centralized economy and planned development.
And for many unachieved which India could not achieve, he is considered responsible for that too as well.
So, he remains however, he remains one of the most prominent and tallest figure in modern India.
who has defining influence on all walks of national life and which we continue to discuss even in our contemporary politics.
Now, to look at Nehru and his times, much like his contemporaries, Nehru belonged to a middle class English educated family and he was born into a Kashmiri Brahmin family who migrated to Allahabad and he was born in 1889 and his father Motilal Nehru was a very successful lawyer and he was closely associated and sympathetic.
to the moderates method of politics.
Nehru had a very progressive views and was skeptical about religious matters and disregarded the caste practices and also, followed inter-caste dining in his personal life.
So, he was against such politics or revivalist politics.
Nehruís future philosophy to a great extent was shaped by this progressive views and ideals of his father Motilal Nehru.
And Motilal Nehru played a very significant role in later years and Nehru again played a very significant role in bringing Motilal Nehru.
Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi together and Motilal Nehru played a very significant role in the making of all party constitution which we also called Nehru report in later years.
So, Nehru had a great influence on him from many of his many of the ideals and the beliefs of his father Motilal Nehru.
After his home tutoring or private tutoring, he was educated in Haro and in Trinity College, Cambridge in England.
And in Trinity College, he studied science and after studying law at Inner Temple in London, he returned to India in 1912 just before the beginning of First World War.
He practiced law for few years, but he did not had much passion or enthusiasm for the profession and he therefore, jumped or committed himself to the Indiaís struggle for freedom.
In his initial years after returning to India.
Nehru did not like the approach that was taken by the moderate groups and was more in favour of the radical politics of extremist like Tilak.
He wanted an aggressive politics against the foreign rule or foreign yoke on India and did not like the petitioning or the constitutional methods followed by the moderate groups in the congress.
Therefore, he find himself more closer to the Tilak modes of politics or the extremist methods of politics.
Although, he was emotionally attached to this aggressive nationalism of Tilak.
It had some religious underpinnings which Nehru could not support and therefore, he grew closer to the Gandhian modes of politics.
So, his guide became Mahatma Gandhi with whom he shared a relationship such intimate as that of his son and a father.
So, he refers to Gandhi as Bapu.
So, both the leaders, the tallest leader of national movement was also sharing intimate relationship between them and Gandhi had.
a great and deep influence on Nehru and his ideals and his politics.
Nehru had in turn, complete faith in Gandhian methods of non-violent satyagraha for the attainment of Swaraj.
However, and also, the two leaders shared this common belief in politics for the service of masses and not for the attainment of power or position.
So, Nehru also, has an independent appeal which allowed Gandhi to reach or in Nehru, Gandhi find a trusted lieutenant or a leader who can inspire the millions in this non-violent struggle for Indiaís freedom.
But however, despite of their similarities and mutual respect or trust, they also differed with each other on many issues.
While for Gandhi, such as, while for Gandhi, religion was the supreme thing, Nehru was indifferent to it.
In fact, Nehru was agnostic to any religious beliefs and faith.
But Gandhi was a deeply religious person and for him, religion is the supreme thing and there is a different interpretation in Gandhi.
about religion and role of religion in the politics.
Nehru was indifferent and agnostic to any religious beliefs and faith.
Nehru was a supporter of a centralized planned and industrial model of development while Gandhi was in favor of decentralization and small scale cottage industries.
Again, while Gandhi regarded the state as a soulless machine and therefore, he was skeptical of state power.
Nehru thought of state as a means for social and economic transformation and therefore, he argued for interventionist state.
And in India, the state that emerged or the many policies in Nehru formulated is in line with the role of state and central role of the state in social and economic transformation.
So, they differ a lot on many issues despite they share a lot of views or mutual respect or admiration to each otherís capability and also, their service to the motherland or especially the million of.
And in Gandhi and Nehru, we also, find Nehru being more pragmatic or more political and realizing the role of political power for the attainment of Swaraj and also, for social economic transformation.
But Gandhi remained more a kind of moralistic or ethical leader with a very ethical views on politics.
So, many methods that Gandhi applied, Nehru thought of its relevance as most appropriate in the condition of India for the attainment of its Swaraj.
So, he did not have a kind of moralistic or ethical views on those ideals or the methods, but for Nehru, it is helpful in attainment of Swaraj and therefore, he thought it as most appropriate method for politics.
However, despite these differences, it was their common belief in democracy, freedom and non-violence that made them so close to each other.
Gradually, Nehruís understanding of India, especially rural India which he learnt and which he undertook from Gandhian methods or Gandhian on the way through Gandhian advice.
So, when he began to understand the rural India.
This enabled Nehru who has western education or the ideals which is very different from the rural India or in the words of Gandhi, the real India is in the rural India.
So, Nehru had the first-hand experience of the lives of the rural India, their challenges, their concerns and it enabled Nehru to speak to both the western educated middle class on the one hand and Indian peasants on the other.
And this gave him the popularity in national movement which was second only to Gandhi.
Now, to look at discovery of India, we find in this text, western educator Nehru often find himself at loss with the vast plural and timeless India.
In discovery of India, on many occasions, he find himself at loss in this vast nation and he was.
unable to find himself fit in the larger politics that was unfolding in India.
And he was trying to connect his own self with the history, philosophy, culture and moods of India and its people.
So, discovery of him through his involvement with the national movement, he came closely in contacts with millions of Indians, their cultures, languages, civilization and philosophy.
His discovery of India in many ways was his own journey.
his own personal journey to understand and comprehend this timeless India.
He acquired a deeper appreciation of Indian history and philosophy which has profound impact on his thought and politics.
So, a western liberal educated Nehru who find himself at many times a misfit in Indian context was trying to connect with the history or philosophy of India and this discovery of India is such text which enables him.
or which allow him to understand the nuances or the unfolding or evolution of Indian history and philosophy.
So, with the arrival of independence and that too, in the turbulent period marked by partition and internal challenges such as integration of the princely states, the future of India was a matter of urgency.
So, what should be the future of India?
What should be the nature of a state in future India?
What should be the objectives or aims of future India?
Nehru had a great and defining role in this entire debate of modelling India or modelling future India.
His ideal India was to be a secular democratic socialist country with the existence of social equality and individual freedom.
So, we will discuss his views on socialism.
So, he was committed to socialism and he wanted restructuring of Indian society and economy according to the socialist path and yet, he was the believer in individual freedom or parliamentary form of democracy.
He wanted India to combine the secular democratic ideals of parliamentary form of democracy and the socialist principle of restructuring the society and economy.
So, for it, he advocated a welfare with centralized planned economy.
In the international sphere, he wanted India to be an anti-colonial, anti-imperial voice living in mutual cooperation and harmony with other nations.
So, we will discuss more on this when we will discuss Nehru as an internationalist or his views on global politics and some of the principles like punch, seal and non-cooperation.
So, since his ideals of secularism and Indiaís role in international sphere will be discussed separately in the following lecture.
Here, the focus will be on his vision of socialist, democratic and scientific India and this we will discuss one by one.
To look at the socialism, Nehru was greatly, inspired by socialism.
He was also, inspired by the Marxist interpretation or the communist views on politics.
But he was never a convinced communist.
He regarded economics as the basis of social or economic changes and he derived a lot of insights from the Marxist interpretation of history.
But he was never a convinced.
Marxist or communist.
He was influenced by the Fabian modes of socialism during his stay in England and he was influenced by Bernard Shaw or Russell also.
So, unlike many socialists, Nehru was also somewhat compromised understanding the nature of Indian National Congress which has representation from different sections of society who not necessarily share common interest.
So, there is a kind of conflicting interest between the peasants and workers on the one hand and landlords and Indian capitalists on the other hand.
And Congress as a party claimed to represent the interest of every section of society.
So, socialism in Nehru was not a kind of consistent socialism like in any other.
any leaders who was committed to or abided by the socialist philosophy.
Nonetheless, his belief in socialism and role of socialism remained strong and he gradually, moulded congress to accept the socialist path of economic and social transformation.
So, Nehru was the most influential proponent of socialism in India and he did not only give socialism a central place in the working of congress, but also, had a decisive impact.
hold the position of a vital creed to uplift the poor and the marginalized in India.
However, Nehruvian socialism is distinct in two ways.
Firstly, he did not support the theory of class war or ruthless suppression of dissent as in many socialist countries.
For him, democracy and socialism was complementary and only in the presence of individual freedom, socialism becomes meaningful.
So, there is a kind of combination of a strong faith in and believe in individual freedom with the collective politics or socialism on the other hand.
So, for Nehruvian brand of socialism, there is a combination of democracy as a form of governance which believes in individual freedom and socialism as the common.
ownership or state ownership of economy and industry.
So, Nehru was trying to combine the two.
Secondly, he did not think that application of socialism should be imitated from the West because for him, Indian context was different and it requires a specific kind of socialism suitable to its own context.
So, he was against the blind imitation of the socialism followed in the Western countries.
So, many Marxist and socialist which tries to study India.
from the text written in western context or in some other countries, unable to fail, unable to understand the Indian realities and its requirement and specificities.
And therefore, their modes of politics remain ineffective or not as effective as a Nehruvian model of socialism was for a very long time.
So, he added to the idea of socialism a moral concern which is the humanist in Nehru.
So, he wanted socialism with a human face and socialism is possible, he thought even without a violent overthrow of existing system.
So, the peaceful transformation.
through planned economy or centralized economy is something what Nehru was looking for without a rupture, without a violent overthrow of existing system of oppression and suppression.
So, his distinctive method of socialism is signified in the provision of a welfare state, land reforms, planned economy of development or cooperative or community development programs that he initiated.
As views on liberal democracy, Nehru envisioned India as a liberal democratic nation.
in both its principle and practice.
And he shares with many liberal scholars and thinkers, the belief in the individual capacity to transform his life and the role of such transformation in the life of community and nation.
And the path that he wanted India to follow is a liberal path of parliamentary democracy.
And therefore, he also, believed in the form institution or development or social economic transformation through the parliamentary method of negotiation, discussion and debate.
So, for Nehru, democracy is essential for the development of both individual and society.
While individuals cannot develop in the sense of rights and freedom, society too cannot prosper if it lacks the democratic environment.
So, Nehru had a shift in his conception of democracy.
included the social and economic rights to exercise such political and legal rights.
So, this is more closer to Ambedkarís understanding of democracy which we will discuss separately.
So, he wanted India to follow a path of parliamentary liberal democracy, but that should not be limited to the political and legal equality alone.
But it should also include the social and economic transformation or freedom to the millions of the poor or marginalized especially.
So, his conception of democracy was also related to then the equality.
It is only with the presence of equality that individuals and social dimension of freedom can coexist and help democracy sustain.
So, there is a kind of cautious approach to Nehruvian understanding of democracy.
And here, it is also perhaps useful.
to connect with the Granville-Austin definition of Indian nation or Indian constitution not as a legal document or a text of governance but also, a text of social revolution.
So, which way to social revolution?
So, nationalist leaders or many parties wanted India to follow a path of social and economic revolution.
But what should be that path of social and economic revolution?
That path is the parliamentary form of liberal democracy which Nehru also promoted and wanted India to follow.
So, his conception of liberal democracy with parliamentary form of democracy is about individual freedom, his legal, political rights along with the social and economic rights.
Without the coexistence of social economic rights, political and legal rights alone cannot make more sense.
And Nehru was constantly trying through his welfare programs, through his centralized planning, through community development programs and many other policies of the state to address the social and economic needs of the people as well.
We will discuss more on this when we will discuss Ambedkar.
Now, finally, to science and rationality, Nehru regarded science and technology as a means to modernize India.
He also, differs from Gandhian modes of politics and approach and his religious views on many of the modern industries and technology.
Nehru considered big dams as the temple of modern India.
Nehru regarded the science and technology as a means to modernize India.
It is through rationality and scientific temper which he developed during his stay in England and he studied science there in Trinity.
So, he believed that rationality and scientific temper alone can overcome the dogmas that is there in India along and superstitions and degrading state of existence, poverty, sub-human condition of life and many irrational beliefs and practices that that India has which is impediment to its growth and many much of the resources is spent on such irrational or superstitious beliefs and practices can be used for the progress or the upliftment of the masses.
And for that to happen, he wanted India to follow a rationalist or scientific temper and outlook.
So, science is the basis of revolutionizing human life.
in every society.
But in addition to fulfilling the individual requirements, science should be used to serve the greater needs of community.
And Nehru illustrated thus that it was science alone that could solve these problems of hunger and poverty, of insanitation and illiteracy, of superstition and deadening custom and tradition, of vast resources running to waste, of a rich country inhabited by a starving people.
So, such contradictions where the starving masses suffer even when the national resources is wasted on superstitions, dogmas or irrational beliefs and practices.
The widely prevalent illiteracy or sub-human condition of life can be overcome when a country or a state or a community follow this rational scientific outlook.
So, he stated that the scientific temper should be adopted as a way of life.
So, the mode of thinking and the guiding principle.
So, science and technology for Nehru is not just to construct some project, some dams or some tools, but it should be adopted as a way of life, as a guiding principle.
or as a way of thinking.
Only then, it can rebuild individual and his or her character and also, the character of the community and nation.
So, it was in his opinion absolutely, necessary to build modern India.
So, the modern India, he envisioned should be built on the basis of science and rationality and not on the basis of religious, otherworldly or spiritual superstitious thinking.
So, his emphasis on science is evident from these lines where he writes that we have to build India on a scientific foundation.
to develop her industries, to change that feudal character of her land system and bring her agriculture in line with modern method to develop the social service which she lacks so utterly today.
So, the economic or social transformation of India that it should follow should be guided by this science and technology, modern science and technology and which can resolve many of the tensions or contradictions that exist in the modern society.
Indian society of that time.
So, in Nehruís vision, we find according to Benjamin Zakaria, that Nehruís vision of India was a most humane, rational and inspiring vision that had a great impact on the political culture of post-independence.
For a very long time, his consensus was acceptable to different parties, different groups and all the sections of Indian society which we call Nehruvian consensus.
So, he combined socialism with liberal democracy, liberal democracy with humanism, nationalism with internationalism and that gave Nehru a popularity and acceptance not as a leader of India, but also, as a global statesman.
So, however, but to what extent it was realized is a matter of debate.
So, as I was saying that many things India has achieved or not achieved, Nehru is considered responsible for that and there is a divided opinion on that.
So, it can be argued that it continues to dominate, his ideals continue to dominate or shape the politics in free India for many decades with the emergence of new social and economic forces, certainly, the capitalism especially, after the liberalization or privatization of economy or what we also call globalization.
and changes in the international politics especially, the decline of USSR which was a kind of influence on Nehru and many of his ideas on social and economic transformation was influenced by his visit to Russia.
So, with the decline of Russia, Nehruvian model has certainly, suffered a setback.
But Nehru was not just a socialist, but a democratic institution builder in Nehru and his ideals remain relevant in.
in contemporary times as well when we find many institutions succumbing to the pressure of all kinds.
So, a democratic traits or ideals in Nehru and his views on liberal democracy and his respect for institutions and development for a democratic culture and subjecting authority or himself to public political scrutiny is something which will remain.
relevant for Indian politics for times to come and certainly, in our contemporary times as well.
So, his views on scientific temper or rationality or considering Indiaís role in the global politics is something which will again, be very relevant for Indian politics in many years and decades to come.
So, we will have two more lectures on Nehru, where we will discuss his views on secularism and internationalism and then we will conclude.
On this lecture, we can look at some of these texts especially, his discovery of India by Jawaharlal Nehru and this biography of Nehru by Benjamin Jakaria and the other texts which we have been using like sources of Indian traditions, political thought in modern India and also foundation of Indian political thought by V R Mehta.
So, these texts, you can refer to for this lecture on Nehru.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening.
Hello and welcome friends.
to this lecture on Vinayak Damodar Savarkar.
And from Savarkar, we are going to study his views on Hinduism and Hindutva.
Hinduism and Hindutva and his views on Hinduism and critique to Savarkar's views on Hinduism and Hindutva, we are going to do in the next lecture.
In this lecture, we will study basically, his personal life, Savarkar as a revolutionary, as a patriot or as a political thinker of Hindu nationalism and the different shades and different shifts in his personal intellectual life.
This we will do through looking at some of the key ideas or key thinking in his thought, influence on his thought and basically, his views on nation, ancient Indian past or Hindu past and also, his views on social change or social reforms.
So, in this lecture, we are going to basically, discuss his personal political life as well as his intellectual engagement with some of these.
Now, before we also need to seriously reconsider some of the appropriation, misappropriation and also outright rejection that is being done in contemporary political discourse in India where some takes some thinkers, some idea is either celebrated or completely rejected.
And there is a kind of rigidity in support and in rejection of some ideas, some thinkers, some text.
But when Savarkar was writing, so there is a lot of fluidity or flexibilities of dialogue and discussion even when there is unbridgeable differences between two thinkers or two opinions on any issue.
So, one of the example that comes to mind is Gandhi or Savarkar or Netaji Subhash Chandra Prabhu or Savarkar, they had lot of differences and yet they were able to communicate with each other and the possibilities of dialogue was always open.
But somehow, that fluidity, that openness to dialogue and discussion even when there is a difference of opinion and unbridgeable differences of opinion that has certainly a string in contemporary political discourse and that is not the healthy way and that makes the academic.
analysis or examination of a thought and ideas even more challenging and certainly, complex to do.
Savarkar remains one of such thinkers who is celebrated at the same time, the opinion about his thought and contribution to his thought remains somewhat divided among the followers, among the supporters of Savarkar and also, those who critiqued Savarkar.
So, we have to think about Savarkar and his life and his ideas in such a context where… It becomes increasingly impossible to have the dialogue or conversation even with whom we differ or there are differences of opinion.
And his ideas were remained inevitable for any political discourse even for those who outrightly reject every ideas and opinion that Savarkar had offered.
So, we will look at Savarkar and his thought in.
in this context and try to examine academically, his ideas on Hinduism and Hindutva and what is the critique to such ideas.
So, that is something we need to keep in mind when we engage with Savarkar as in his time, there is lots of fluidity, lots of openness about engaging or having conversation despite of differences.
Gandhi went to Savarkar's place to...
to maintain the dialogue or the discussion despite of having serious differences with each other's method and opinion on politics and the role of religion in politics.
Even Subhash Chandra Bose went to meet Savarkar and there is very less exploration and writings done on that, but they maintained the relationship or the conversation even with those.
they differ seriously or substantially.
So, to think about Vinayak Damodar Savarkar and his ideas in such a context, we see a kind of shift or a kind of evolution of Savarkar as a revolutionary.
So, first and foremost, Savarkar was a great revolutionary thinker and he was deeply influenced by the nationalist ideals of Mezzani, Garibaldi and many other nationalists.
So, in Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, we find him as a revolutionary patriot.
activist, political activist and one of the most prominent intellectual and the founder of Hindu nationalism in modern India.
The tradition of Hindu nationalism in modern Indian political thought began much earlier than Savarkar.
So, these ideals of Hindu nationalism which began with Bal Gangadhar Tilak or Bindu Ghosh and Lala Lajpat Rai, Vinayak Damodar Savarkar gave it a more virulent or rationalistic foundation.
And today, therefore, Savarkarís name and his political thought and philosophy is almost synonymous with Hindu nationalism or Hindutva.
And his contribution in the fields of social and religious reforms and struggle for freedom are immense.
However, it is less and less explored and largely, ignored by his critique because of his reduction or his synonymous with the Hindu.
Hindu, Hindutva or Hindu ideas.
But Savarkar was equally a revolutionary, a patriot or wanted to reform society and the religion as well especially, the evil practices, dogmas and superstitions in religion.
So, that part of Savarkar in contemporary discourse and debates on his ideas and thought is by and largely ignored.
So, that we have to focus equally when we.
discuss about his ideas on Hinduism and Hindutva.
Now, deeply influenced by utilitarianism, rationalism, positivism and pragmatism.
So, Savarkar in his politics and thought was deeply influenced by this rationalistic utilitarian philosophy or positivism of the contemporary analytical philosophy and also, the pragmatism in the politics.
And he never thought of achieving something which is otherworldly, which is divine.
So, he understood the possible pragmatic objectives that a human being or a society can aspire to.
And therefore, a lot of views on say morality or ethics or whether violence or non-violence should be used as a political tool or not.
He had a very pragmatic approach other than Gandhian kind of absolute position on the application of non-violence and such method in politics.
So, in Savarkar, we find the influence of pragmatism, rationalism and utilitarianism in his philosophy.
and also, political thought.
So, Savarkar is also, perhaps, one of the most celebrated and therefore, equally, despised thinkers of modern India.
However, it is the power and influence of his thought which makes him and his thought inevitable in any political discourse even in contemporary India.
So, his stature or the influence of his thought is perhaps, more hegemonic, more dominant.
dominating in our contemporary politics than in his time.
And his critique is also grown tremendously and yet his supporter or his critique cannot ignore the powerful ideas and influence of Savarkar about nation, state, democracy and social and religious.
relationships, harmony or reforms.
So, Savarkar remains inevitable in the political discourse even in contemporary times, even by those who despise Savarkar and that is the power, the influence of his thought and his ideas on Indian politics or imagination of nation.
Being situated in the larger framework of Hindu nationalism, Savarkar can be seen in response to two distinct historical trajectories unfolding in colonial India.
The first was he belongs to the radical and revolutionary stance of middle class Indians who rose in reaction to the limitation or ineffectiveness of the moderates.
So, first stance as it was unfolding during the colonial era was the growing feeling against the effectiveness of moderate leaders of the congress.
So, Savarkar belonged to such group of radicals and revolutionaries who developed a critique.
of moderates and their method of politics.
And second, which was related to the colonial policy of divide and rule.
So, as a result of divide and rule policy of the British, they developed an environment of social tensions between different communities in India such as Hindu and Muslims on the one hand, Hindu and depressed classes on the other, Hindus and Sikhs on the another, and Hindus and Jains on the other.
So, there are growing tension and estrangement among the people.
and between different communities in India.
Savarkar was responding to such growing estrangement or tensions among the communities and trying to consolidate Hindu community from further fragmentation or as a result of this divide and rule policy of the colonial government.
In Savarkar's opinion, it also had a dangerous influence on the body politic of anti-colonial freedom struggle in India and provided the psychological and material background.
for future communal politics.
So, these politics of divide and rule as conceptualized and practiced by the British rule provided the psychological and material background for the emergence of communal politics in India.
And Savarkar was very concerned about the fragmentation of the Hindu communities not just on religious line, but also, on caste line or linguistic lines or regional lines etcetera.
So, Savarkar was trying to consolidate Hindu community and nationalize their history, politics and glorious past in all walks of Indian life.
So, he was trying to conceptualize a nation or a Hindu nation in such a way which nationalizes the politics, past and glorious history of ancient Hindu civilization.
And he was trying to limit the consequences or the evil consequences of these divide and rule policies of the Hindu society.
Now, if you look at the brief history of Savarkar, we find he was born on 28 May 1883 in a Chitpavan Brahman family in Maharashtra.
And he was born in a period which was characterized by the vigorous critique of economic and political dimension of British Raj.
So, there was a kind of growing assertion or realization of the exploitative or extractive nature of British rule.
So, Savarkar was developing his critique.
to British rule on the one hand and consolidating the Hindu community on the other by rewriting their history, their past and preventing it from further fragmentation.
Savarkar was developing those thoughts and ideas in this context when there is a kind of increasing realization and growing critique of the economic and political dimensions of British Raj by one section and also, by the revitalization of religious and cultural tradition of native populations.
And this thing, we have discussed in our previous lectures as well, where there is a kind of critique which was developing against the British rule at the same time, resorting to the cultural or the religious resources of Indian civilization or Indian religious tradition to develop a self, develop a modern Indian self which will give them the confidence to fight against the British.
So, if you remember in one of our lecture, we have discussed.
Partha Chatterjee's ideas of inner and outer domain.
So, the outer domain is the domain of politics and economy where they thought they need to learn from the British and they can master it.
In the inner domain, that is the domain of religion or spirituality, they considered themselves superior and nothing to learn with the British.
So, Savarkar was developing his political thought or articulations in a time where there is a growing realization of the economic or political exploitative nature of the British.
British rule and the cultural and religious revitalization of Indian social life.
So, many thinkers including Gandhi, Tagore, Vivekananda, Aravind Ghos, they were all in a way, deeply influenced by the cultural and religious traditions of their communities including Iqbal, we have discussed in the previous lecture.
So, the influence of political as well as the cultural religious background on his thought needs to be taken seriously when we try to engage with his thought.
This impact of the temporal, the period in which Savarkar was developing his thought is very evident from the early stage on his life.
And he was disturbed by the news of communal rights and developed a deep admiration for the Hindu tradition and past.
And he was anguished by the brutal repression of the British rule and considered it responsible for suppression and devaluation of the pious Hindu tradition.
And he took a lifelong vow to fight the British and regarded as a young firebrand revolutionary by the colonial government.
So, Savarkar from the early childhood developed a kind of and because of his elder brothers and also younger brothers were also revolutionary active in the politics.
So, Savarkar developed a taste for politics from the very beginning.
He was deeply disturbed by the growing communal tension and the communal rights.
disharmony between Hindu and Muslims and thought of conceptualizing Indian nationhood or Indian nation on the basis of Hindu religion.
And he derived a lot of strength and inspiration from the ancient Hindu glorious past and tried to revive it to develop a Hindu nation or Hindu Rashtra in India.
At the same time, he was also very critical of the brutal repression and suppression of the British rule.
There are many instances of such expression.
One was Chaplakar Bandhu was hanged by the British because they were involved in the assassination of Rand.
and the colonial administrator who was supposed to look after the victims of the plague.
Instead of that, he was celebrating and not paying attention to the needs and health and other requirements of the victims of the plague.
So, this nationalistic patriotic feeling in Savarkar was there from the very beginning and he developed it.
further when he went for higher education in England.
So, after his primary education, he enrolled in this Ferguson College in Pune in 1902.
And he was influenced by nationalist leaders who differed from the moderate politics within the Congress.
And if you remember 1907, there was a divide not just between the moderates and the extremists within the Congress, but also, the growing.
disenchantment between Hindu and the Muslims.
So, Congress claim itself secular, but in opposition to that there is a growing claim by the Muslim League as the representative of the Muslims of India.
Similarly, Hindu Mahasabha and many other religious and the sectarian organizations were being formed.
So, Savarkar enrolled in this Ferguson College in Pune in 1902 and he was influenced by the politics of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Vipen Chandra Pal and Lala Lajpat Rai.
And there, he got engaged in many nationalist and the political activities in the college life.
Although, the college forbid any kind of political activities or anti-government protest and demonstration, Savarkar continued to organize the youth involved in the protest, organize the demonstration and also, invited Tilak which greatly, infuriated many administrators and as well as the teachers in the college.
He organized their patriotic society called Abhinav Bharat.
which he continued to do and organize and reorganize even in England.
So, this Abhinav Bharat, he organized in the college among the friends and through the medium of literary works, began to revisit India's glorious past.
And he was the one who recognized the role of such literature in the production of future revolution in India.
So, there has to be a cultural resources on the basis of which one can imagine oneself, derive the strength and inspiration to fight the oppression and suppression of the British rule and create a new Hindu India or revive the glorious past.
And he remained committed to this ideal of producing literature or revolutionary literature and its role in the freedom struggle or in the freedom movement.
So, this production of literature despite of his political activities, he was a very his shift from a revolutionary patriotic to a founding father of the imagination of Hindu Rashtra or Hindutva.
Till the end of his life, he continued to write literatures and through that, try to revive and articulate his thoughts on Hinduism and Hindutva.
So, this he did till the end of his life.
He also engaged in the public burning of foreign clothes in 1905.
If you remember, the partition of Bengal which lead to lot of criticism and protest in different parts of the country.
Savarkar organized one such protest.
protest of burning foreign clothes and he convinced Bal Gangadhar Tilak to speak on that occasion.
And this infuriated the principal of the college and he was expelled from the college because of these political activities.
Now, with the help of Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Shyamji Krishan Verma who was trying to provide scholarship to those Indians committed to the freedom struggle and independent movement, so with the help of Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Shyamji Krishan Verma, Savarkar was given a scholarship.
a scholarship to study in Britain with the condition that he will never accept government service in his later life.
And he remained a student, come revolutionary there and help in the organizing of the political movements and especially, the youth, revolutionary youth in Britain from 1906 to 1910.
During this period, he was associated with Abhinav Bharat Society which was also known as Young India Society.
And he along with his fellow members.
learned the methods of many revolutionary tools and techniques like bomb making and other kind of revolutionary activities there.
He was greatly influenced by Italian revolutionary Maggiore and he wrote a biographical essay on Maggiore in Marathi and translated several essays from the volume, Life and Writings of Joseph Maggiore.
He considered reading Maggiore and Italian history very necessary as it can in his opinion, serve as a guide to revolution as conceptualized by Marx.
His conception of revolutionary and revolution is very different from such conception or anti-capitalist thinking.
And therefore, many scholars refute his contribution in revolutionary thinking.
But Savarkar developed a different articulation of revolution and on that basis, he was able to write a very successful or influential, triad ties on the first war of independence about 1857 revolution.
And there, he was influenced by Maginot, Garibaldi and many other Italian nationalist leaders.
And he thought that the Italian history of nationalist movement can help as a guide for India in its struggle for freedom against the British.
Then he also wrote this text called the Indian War of Independence which is published in 1909.
This is the same year when Gandhi published his famous treatise Hindusaraj.
And it is also interesting to know that Gandhi met Savarkar for the first time in England.
And then after a long time.
When Savarkar returned from Andaman to Maharashtra, Gandhi again developed a conversation and personally visited his home to discuss about different methods and tools of freedom struggle.
So, despite of their serious differences, that openness to have conversation, to dialogue is something that is missing in our contemporary discourse on these thinkers and their ideals.
which was there when they were articulating and expressing their differences.
Now, in this text on the Indian War of Independence, Savarkar considers the War of Independence synonymously with revolution.
And he criticized that neglecting the actual long-term revolutionary roots of 1857 struggle, emphasis in scholarly debates and discussion was given to the short-term accidental causes of this revolution.
So, for the first time, he argued on the 1857 revolution.
rebellion as a first war of independence and this was very influential and immediately banned by the British government.
And this text was translated in many Indian languages as well as in European languages like Spanish, German, French, besides many others and has provided a different perspective to the whole struggle of Indian movement and enable a kind of confidence.
against fighting the British through revolutionary method and not as Gandhian later developed non-violent movement in the form of Satyagraha.
Now, Savarkarís life in Britain came to an end when he was arrested in the accusation of being involved in the killing of an official of the India office and taken back to India for trial.
So, Savarkar was developing his revolutionary ideals and as well as, inspiring and involved in many revolutionaries.
activities also when he was there in England.
When he was transported to India, he escaped from the strip when it stopped at Marseilles by swimming back to the shore of France.
He sought asylum in France but recaptured by the British soldiers and France considered this as an act of offence against their sovereignty and registered a case in the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
The court gave the judgment in favour of Britain.
And this created a political turmoil in France.
So, one can very easily imagine the stature of Vinayak Dham Madar Savarkar by 1910 or 1909.
And it gave him instant access to the not just Indian popular movement and leaders, but also in India.
in the world.
And there was divided opinion on the Savarkar and his method of politics and his involvement in the revolutionary movement and this happens with a number of nationalist movement.
So, when they fight against the oppressor, for the oppressor that fighter or revolutionary may be a terrorist.
But for the community for whom that person is fighting for him, he may be a revolutionary or a liberator.
So, such opinion was.
there with the revolutionary or a patriot Savarkar.
Now, in India, when he was brought back, he was given the 50 years of imprisonment.
This is the double life imprisonment and that is too in a cellar jail of Andaman, infamous cellar jail in Andaman and this jail was known for which is also known as Kalapani.
So, this is the severest kind of punishment a revolutionary or a political activist can imagined and he was given 50 years of admission.
So, one can very well imagine the revolutionary jail in Savarkar thought and his political activities.
And why British considered him as the young firebrand revolutionary and he, they wrote confidential note to the British official when he went to England for studying law.
So, he was sent to Selvar jail in Andaman and this was known for the cruelest environment and higher rate of suicide because many of them.
could not withstand the harsh treatment of the jailers and also, the environment in Andaman.
So, a large number of them committed suicide.
Now, after the harsh treatment and solitary confinement for 10 years, there have been serious attempts for the release of Savarkar.
And many nationalist leaders including Gandhi were involved in putting efforts for the release of Savarkar.
So, despite of their political differences, their differences in terms of method or imagination of modern India.
They regarded, they developed mutual respect for each other's contribution in the freedom struggle in the movement.
It is very unlikely to happen in the contemporary times where there is a kind of clear cut separation and less and less dialogue and conversation and mutual acceptance even when maintaining the differences.
So, Gandhi and Savarkar differed from each other seriously, substantially and yet, they Now, in this period, when he was brought back to India, he wrote a text called Essentials of Hindutva.
This becomes the basis of his political thought and later, his conceptualization about Hindu Rashtra or Hindutva and how it is different from Hinduism.
And this we will discuss in the next class.
And this text, he wrote with the pen name A. Maratha to conceal his identity from the constant surveillance of the colonial regime.
In this book, he described his philosophy of Hindu nation and how is it different from the religious notion of Hinduism.
This we can, we will discuss in our next lecture.
Savarkar also wrote his biography which is called Life.
of barrister Savarkar.
This he wrote in 1926 under the pen name Chitragupta.
Now, this text which basically, deals with his revolutionary life and Savarkar as a revolutionary patriot thinker, this text get immediately banned by the government and it remained so till India attained independence.
It primarily, focused on his revolutionary career.
But the fact that the actual writer was Savarkar.
So, somebody writes his own life and about his own life that is called autobiography.
But Savarkar wrote a biography which is a third person writing about someone else that is a biography.
But Savarkar interestingly, wrote his own biography and not the autobiography which later he wrote as a memoir.
So, the point however, is in this text, again Savarkar seriously, contemplate about revolutionary and revolution and revolutionary tactics and which.
method of revolution will be more suitable and appropriate in Indian context.
This fact that Savarkar wrote his own biography came to light in 1987 much after his death in 1966.
Now, after his release from jail, Savarkar joined for a brief movement the Democratic Swaraj Party and soon, withdraw from it as he realized the ineffectiveness or inconsequentiality of the party.
And from 1937 to 1944.
He served as the consecutively, he served and single-handedly prescribed the political program and policies for the realization of Hindu Rashtra.
So, from 1937 to 1944, he served as the president of All India Hindu Mahasabha and using his own revolutionary ideas, he sought to give it a radical turn.
So, from then on, Hindu Mahasabha began to play a more active, more dynamic and radical role in Indian politics.
Later on, after the independence, Savarkar was convicted of assisting in the murder of Mahatma Gandhi or assassination of Mahatma Gandhi in 1948 by Nathuram Godse.
He was a Hindu fundamentalist, member of right-wing Hindutva groups and along with him, he was trialed by the government of India.
But due to lack of evidence, he was acquitted by the Supreme Court and from then on, he chose a life of relative solitude and is limiting himself.
to writing and giving occasional public speech.
But he continued to write on the glorious Hindu past and envisioned a Hindu nation.
And he wrote six glorious epics of Hindu history just before his death in 1966.
So, the religious rhetoric of Savarkar became sharper in his later writings and these have a great influence on politics and programs of various organizations and political parties such as the Rajshri Sankh Sivak Sangh, Bharatiya Jan Sangh or Bharatiya Janata Party in contemporary politics.
They derive a lot of ideas.
and inspiration from the writings of Veer Savarkar or Swatantra Veer Savarkar as they call.
Now, to look at his ideas and thought, we find in Savarkar a kind of synthesizing of territorial conception of nation on the one hand as defined by Congress and many other nationalists and the religious and cultural notion of nationalism on the other as it was conceptualized by Muslim leagues.
Savarkar tried to combine or synthesize between this territorial conception of nation and the religious and the cultural conception of nation.
So, while he believed in the common territory of Hindustan as the fatherland and the holy land which we call Pitra Bhoomi or Punya Bhoomi and more on this in the next lecture.
He also, stated that Hinduism not a single religion, but an integration of all religious creeds which includes Buddhism, Jainism therefore, natives to the land of Hindustan which he also, called Sindhustan.
So, Hindustan is the name of the river and on that, the name came Hindustan.
S is pronounced as H in Persian and therefore, those who are living in that land depending upon their different religions and linguistic and other differences, they are all Hindus.
So, his definition of Hindu is very different from a religious.
and a kind of narrow fundamentalist conception of Hindu and Hinduism.
So, therefore, he included Buddhism, Jainism within the Hindu fold because they consider India both as a Pitra Bhoomi or Ponyo Bhoomi.
And he declined such a status to some religion because for them, the holy land is not in India.
So, for Savarkar, Hinduism is not a single religion, but an integration of all religious creeds native to the land of Hindustan.
and share the common heritage of Hindu culture and blood.
So, there is a kind of racial conception of Hindu and Hindutva also.
So, he did not reject, but modified the territorial conception of nationhood and stated that although territorial unity matters, it is the elements of religion, culture, race and historical affinity that contribute more in the formation of nation.
So, his basic contribution to the literature of Hindu nationalism lies in his idea of Hinduism.
and Hindutva which we will elaborately discuss in the next lecture.
And here, the discussion will be limited to his conception of history and other significant contribution to social thought.
Savarkar was in favor of the ideal of Hindustan for the Hindus.
Occupation of this land by the non-Hindu race was considered as an act of aggression.
This in his views, the right of the non-Hindus of living in Hindustan depended on their acceptance of Hindu dominance.
So, Hinduization of national life or polity.
This indicates the ideology of cultural chauvinism.
Yet Savarkar did not totally negate the right of minorities to coexist although made it conditional.
So, this we can discuss further in the next lecture.
But in his conceptualization of Hindu Rashtra or Hindu nation, he did not negate completely the right of minorities.
He made it conditional to their acceptance of this land as a Hindu nation.
Now, in his conception of modern state and democracy also, we find he wanted all citizens to be treated equally in accordance with their individual merit or worth without any consideration to their cultural and religious differences.
So, this is kind of as we were discussing about the fluidity of the circulation of ideas.
So, despite of his religious, Chauvinism will not be a correct word, but a kind of religious conception of nation or nationhood, his conception of a state is more or less, a kind of a religious precisely, because of the pragmatic historical circumstances, where on the one hand, there is a congress promoting or propagating the secular notion of politics.
There is growing assertion of Muslim separatism by the Muslim leagues, the emergence of depressed classes and increasing fragmentation of Hindu community and demands by the Sikh and many other religious communities make Savarkar to respond.
to colonial rule in a much more what he called responsive cooperation and distanced himself and his politics from the mass movement.
And this is something which developed in later parts in Savarkar's career.
So, from a revolutionary patriot to a Hindu nationalist, Savarkar also developed a pro-British pragmatic approach in the later parts of life and that remains a controversial side of Savarkar politics and activities.
Now, if you look at his conception of Indian history, Savarkar glorified the great Hindu rulers of the past and his ideal was Shivaji and Rana Pratap.
And for him, Shivaji represented the rule of Swadharma, one's own religion and Swaraj, governing one's own self.
Now, he deeply appreciated Shivaji in his text Hindu Pad-Padsahi which he wrote in 1925 for his militarism against the Muslim rule.
His interpretation of modern Indian history.
was quite radical.
This is evident from his analysis of 1857 revolt and he criticized the efforts of reducing it to a mere mutiny or a rebellion of ship boys resulting from the immediate cause of greased cat trees.
Savarkar was critical of such reduction in the analysis of the first war of independence.
Instead, he stressed on the inherent revolutionary roots which was accumulating over a period of time against the brutal, suppressive, and policies of the British rule.
So, instead, he stressed on this inherent revolutionary roots of First War of Independence and portrayed it as the mass movement and not just a shipwreck mutiny as Britishers and many scholars have argued of the liberation against the oppressive rule of the British.
It was for him, the First War of Independence, hence the title of the book.
So, he had sincere admiration for the militant methods against the Gandhian non-violence method of protest in 1857 revolts and he thought it best suited in response to the brutal oppressive rule of the.
Now, if you look at his social thought, we find Savarkar as it is argued by Ashok Chausalkar that Savarkar's thought is characterized by three distinct tenets of social change which was an influence of European tradition on his thought and thinking.
First was the survival of the fittest.
Second, the inevitability of violence in society and absence of absolute morality in the human affairs and human politics.
For Savarkar, all human society and you find these three tenets in his social political thought.
throughout in his political programs, political activities, conceptualization of nation and therefore, the pragmatism in Savarkar is one of the characteristic tenets in his thought.
So, all human society is characterized by struggle in life of individuals.
In this, only the fittest can survive and others get eliminated.
This is the Herbert Spencer kind of ideal survival of the fittest that is the modern civilization and the root of modern civilization is the competition.
Everyone compete against everyone and only the fittest will survive.
And also, Savarkar then considered the violence is inbuilt in nature.
It is only in the later development of society, the principle of non-violence got intertwined with violence.
However, absolute non-violence is something he rejected.
The Gandhian ideal of non-violence or Satyagraha in all circumstances in absolute form is something he completely rejected and he thought it will make the nation.
and community weak to respond to the immediate circumstances, even the invasion or operation, the method for him violence or non-violence.
So, he did not reject non-violence completely, but to accept it in all the circumstances in the absolute form is something he rejected and criticized.
He believed in the relative morality that is morality or immorality of an act.
political act or policy is judged in accordance with the specificities of the action and objective.
So, the means and ends that we have discussed in Gandhian model is given different interpretation in Savarkar's thought that is more pragmatic and that depends on the objectives one and through one's act, one want to achieve in the larger politics of their community.
So, Thus, he had a dynamic, a view of dynamic change in society and society is inevitable to change in accordance with the changes in the time.
And one can only survive if she or he is able to cope up with the changing nature of society.
And therefore, he wanted Indian Hindu society to also undergo through this dynamic forces of change in modern society and polity.
And he therefore, argued that Indian society should get rid of the unnecessary and the evil practices of change.
the past and follow the paths of science and reason.
It is in this context, he criticized untouchability existing in Hindu society and stressed on the need to give up such evil practices for the sake of its further development.
So, Savarkar worked for religious and social reforms as well.
He allowed the entry of untouchables or excluded community and he fight for their entry.
the children of those so called odd caste or untouchable communities, Savarkar wanted them to be integrated within the larger fold of Hindu society.
And similarly, with the women and also Savarkar wanted to reform Hindu society in line with the modern science and reason and criticized a lot of dogmas and superstitions that accumulated in the long stagnation period of Hindu society and he wanted to reform it, reconstruct it in the line of.
to respond to the contemporary needs or the changing needs of the time.
So, this is social thought is quite promising and offers critical insights into the functioning and development of Indian society or Hindu society.
So, Savarkar basically, had a far more visionaries or kind of futuristic approach in his thought when he think about reorganization or restructuring.
of Hindu society and Hindu, Hindu Raj and how it can be done or how it should be done.
We see many political parties, organizations continue to derive their inspiration and strength from his writings and that makes Savarkar inevitable in any political discourse in contemporary India.
In the next class, we are going to discuss his views on Hinduism and Hindutva.
And lecture, I have given you can look at some of these readings like.
Savarkar and his times by Dhananjay Keer and also, this text which we have done from long time for many thinkers, sources of Indian tradition and also, political thought in modern India and this article, you can also read to understand his revolutionary ideals and conceptualization of revolution in Savarkar.
So, thanks for listening and thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Thank you.
🎵 Hello and welcome friends to this third and concluding lecture on Ram Manohar Lohia.
In this lecture, we are going to focus on his views and his proposition or his solution to the emotionally charged and politically contentious issue of language problem in India.
So, today in this lecture, we will discuss his views on language, the kind of solution he was providing and how the issue of language for Lohia is part of more than a cultural or the question of identity.
and how he related it with the question of democratization, social equality and empowerment of the masses.
So, Lohia took the issue of language in the broader context of democratization and social equality in India.
So, he did not see or study the language problem in its isolation.
He saw it in the connection with the other problem that was there in post-independent India.
And here, it is also to recall the kind of intersectionalist approach that he had about the politics, about the challenges that India was facing and how that can be overcome by looking at simultaneously different interconnected problems be it caste, class, gender, language etc.
So, Lohia has a kind of broader approach.
towards the politics.
So, in this lecture, we are going to focus primarily on his views on Indian language.
So, Lohiaís approach to Indian languages was integral to his philosophy or his understanding of a kind of different or distinct brand of Indian socialism that he was arguing.
And he did not approach the problem of language as a separate or isolated issue in India.
So, as he was a culturally sensitive and a rooted political activist.
He understood how English language excluded the millions of Indians speaking Indian languages from the corridors or positions of power.
So, Lohia did understand the language or domination of English and it is not correct to brand him as a kind of chauvinist linguistic figure, but to see his philosophy about language or his support for Indian language in the larger context.
where for Lohia, any kind of domination or hegemony of one over the other was problematic and need to be opposed or dismantled.
And his opposition to English language was in continuity with such kind of views and politics.
So, Lohia as himself was a kind of culturally sensitive.
So, he understood the social and the cultural value of different languages in India.
At the same time, he was also aware of how a particular language, say in the context of Indian English, prevented a large number of masses, millions of Indians who used to speak their mother tongue.
Different modern Indian languages were excluded from the corridors of power because of their inability to understand or speak a foreign language.
And that is the basis of his larger criticism.
to the domination of English language rather than the language form or the English language per se.
That was the basis of his criticism.
And also, the other criticism that he had against the domination of English was it also damaged the Indian political thought and reduced it merely to a kind of derivative thinking.
So, you may be aware of a kind of borrowing of ideas, concepts, themes and methods to explain and interpret Indian society.
And in the beginning of this course, we have also talked about how Indian political thought and more critical engagement with the modern Indian political thought enable us to develop or to identify the concepts, themes and methods through which we can better explain Indian society and not by merely borrowing the terms, concepts and methods from the other soils or the foreign origin.
So, Besides, this domination of English language in terms of excluding the millions who speak their respective mother tongues or Indian languages from the corridors or positions of power, English language also damaged the Indian political thought by reducing it to a form of merely derivative thinking, where we borrow the concepts, ideas and methods from the West or European countries or some other foreign soils and then try to apply it to understand, explain and interpret Indian society.
So, Lohia was against that kind of derivative thinking also.
So, to support Indian languages, Lohia was also to strengthen, to assert the independence or the capability or competence of the people.
So, in a way, the text I have told you to read is a Swarajin idea in terms of thinking about how one can apply one's own theories and concepts independently from any kind of derivation or borrowing from others.
So, Lohia's support for Indian language and opposition to English was also to do with this strengthening of Indian languages and Indian political thought.
and rescuing it from a kind of derivative mode of thinking.
And therefore, he considered removal of English as a major problem for Indian democracy.
So this is for Lohia the biggest problem.
And to free oneself from domination, not merely the political or the physical material sense of the term, but also cognitively in terms of thinking, how one is free and independent to understand, to explain and to then provide solutions to the various challenges that a country or a society is facing.
So for Lohia, this kind of derivative mode of thinking will not be able to solve the various challenges that Indian democracy was facing.
And therefore, for Lohia, the biggest problem or challenge for Indian democracy is the removal of English and then he provided the leadership.
to the Angreji-Hattau or Vanish-English movement.
Especially, in North India, if you are familiar that in the Hindi heartland, this movement has enormous strength immediately after the post-independent India, especially during the first and second decades of the post-independent India.
So, Lohia provided the leadership to this Angreji-Hattau movement which became a kind of basis.
So, there was this trend of thinking about lingua franca, which English provided for a very long time when there was a debate or there was a growing consciousness or what we call Indian renaissance.
So, different provinces speaking their respective languages coming together and forming Indian nationhood or discussing their challenges, English provided that kind of link language to them.
nationalist leadership.
So, in place of that, Lohia was arguing for Hindi or Hindustani to be the lingua franca of the country.
However, on the basis of this suggestion to make Hindi or Hindustani as the lingua franca of the country, many people argued that Lohia was discriminating against many other Indian languages, while he was opposing the domination of English.
We are all aware of the strength or use of Lohia.
use of English in every sphere of our life be it politics, culture, education, every sphere almost.
So, English has become a kind of all-pervasive language and there is a kind of continuous tussle between the Indian languages and English language.
And in many ways, English is now being Indianized in so many ways.
So, the right approach to understand this issue is not to pit one language against the other, but to understand the inherent.
hierarchy, domination or subordination that is inbuilt in this kind of linguistic assertion.
So, because Lohia promoted or wanted Hindi to be the lingua franca of the country, it will be wrong for us to argue that he was against the English as a language per se.
So that is not the correct way to argue about Lohia's So, he has nothing against a language per se, but against the privilege, against the power that it provides to a section of Indian population and marginalizes and excludes a larger population because of their inability to speak or understand that language.
So, it will be wrong to argue that he was against the English as a language per se.
or he was privileging Hindi over the other Indian languages.
So, as we will discuss later, in fact, we find in Lohia a great champion or supporter of Indian languages.
And he wanted Indian languages to flourish, to establish its independence and its capacity to think all complex issues and challenges that a country as a whole was facing.
So, Lohia's approach to the question of language was not to do with the Indian language.
per se, but how it marginalizes, how it subordinates a larger section of Indian population because of their inability to think, speak and understand a language which is foreign in origin.
And that makes him a kind of opponent of English language in India.
So, Lohia also recognized the language was not merely as a tool of communication, but more importantly, an aspect of self-identity and expression for different linguistic.
So, it is important to note that Lohia did not put forward a conventional and uncomplicated mother tongue argument.
So, there is a kind of consensus about the use of mother tongue as a medium of instruction or a primary language for a child to learn before he or she goes on to speak or learn other languages.
So, Lohia was not giving that kind of straightforward, simplistic, conventional argument about the mother tongue.
Instead, he saw the language question as an important social and cultural issue in India.
And he argued that the basic question involved is what is modernity.
So, in Lohia, it is also necessary to see the interlinkages that he was trying to construct between the question of caste and class, to the question of gender, to the question of language.
So, these all create a kind of hierarchy between the ruling class and the larger population.
And how to make democracy more empowering to those who are excluded from the privileged class or the corridors of power.
And that is something which Lohia is trying to argue for through his understanding of modernity and the questions of modernity.
So, the complexities in his argument is about the interconnections between different with caste, class, gender or language.
So, the basic question involves what is modernity?
Is it such a thing which could come only through English?
So, many people will argue that modernity in India and the modern thinking or modern institution, modern practices, modern lifestyles comes only through English language.
Modernism, Lohia argues is an attitude towards men and that today's men have developed with the advance of science and technology, an attitude fundamentally based on reason, knowledge and truth, and not on sentiments, superstitions and orthodoxy.
So, there he is making a kind of distinction between what it takes to consider something as modern and something which is not modern or which is merely orthodox or superstitious.
So, it is a dynamic.
and not dogmatic approach to the question of human involvement.
To an Indian, English does not provide this.
So, for most of the Indians, even in contemporary terms, there are very small sections of Indian population who can speak or understand English.
But think of the 1950s and 60s, where they were getting the political rights.
Their understanding of such rights, their involvement with such political development was very different.
And then, to consider English as a vehicle for modernity in India was a kind of hypocrisy for Farlohia.
So he argued to an Indian, this kind of reason, knowledge, truth or dynamism needs to be developed in their own languages, in their own particular mother tongues.
So if someone argued that English provides such kind of vehicle, such kind of platform for thinking about science and knowledge, then he argued that it besets him with hypocrisy.
It turns an Indian into a bundle of complexes, a man with no human personality and imitating headless monkeys.
So, that is the kind of philosophical argument that Lohia is making here.
And there is also then in Lohia's thought and philosophy, the possibility of thinking about modernity in a different way than many people, many scholars have been arguing about the role of colonial intervention, their institution buildings or the language or the education system that they provided.
That should be the basis of or that is considered as the provider or a kind of facilitator of modernity in India.
Lohia was arguing in a very different way or distinct way to understand Indian modernity or to bring about modernity in India by bringing science, technology, truth, dynamism through Indian languages and not merely through the language.
So, his plea for banishment of English was mainly aimed at dislodging English from its privileged position as the lingua franca of the elite, not of the masses, as the de facto official language of the country and as the medium of instruction in the educational institution.
So, Lohia's opposition to English language is based on these three reasons, or three reasons was for him to oppose English as a language of domination in India.
And why English has the privileged position?
The first is that it provided a kind of lingua franca of the elite and not of the masses.
Masses still speaks in their mother tongue and their provincial languages.
So, Lohia's position to English language is based on these three criteria.
One was that English acquired its privileged position because it is the lingua franca of the elite.
And here, the point that we need to stress is the lingua franca of the elite and not of the masses.
The masses still speak their mother tongue, their provincial language and find it difficult to understand or comprehend English as a language.
So, immediately, the ability to speak English gives a person in India a kind of privileged position.
So, his opposition to English is because it is the lingua franca of the elite and not of the masses as the de facto official language of the country.
So, besides English, there is Hindi and many other languages which is the official language.
But de facto, in practice, it is the English which is the official language of the country.
And that is why he was critical or he was opposing the domination of a foreign language in English as the official language of independent India and also as a medium of instruction in educational institutions.
So, English has the kind of unmatched position in academia or in the educational institutions.
So, in terms of thought, as we have been arguing.
that we do not seriously engage with the Indian languages and how these languages try to engage with some of the modern ideas.
And this is something which I have also discussed in my introductory lecture and in my concluding lecture also, I will briefly discuss this issue of how to expand the boundary of modern thinking and thought.
to include different provincial languages within its domain.
So, on these three basis, Lohia was very critical of the privileged position of English in India.
And he opposed English in independent India not because it was a foreign language.
So, the other points that we need to stress is his opposition to English is not because it is foreign origin.
But, because it was in Indian context, a vehicle of inequality and cultural heteronomy.
So, his opposition to English is not because it is a foreign language.
But in Indian context, English is a vehicle of social inequality or cultural heteronomy, which divides between different cultures, different languages, different communities.
opposing the English language and its domination, which is a vehicle of inequality and cultural heteronomy.
So, Lohia along with many other nationalists believed that putting English in its place required a powerful Indian language that could substitute it as the national lingua franca.
And therefore, he supported Hindi or Hindustani to be the lingua franca of the country.
And precisely because of his support.
To Hindi as the lingua franca in the country, Lohia is also regarded by many scholars merely as a linguistic chauvinist or a Hindi zealot who was trying to privilege Hindi over many other Indian languages in his critique or in his opposition to English language.
But that is not the case which we will come to discuss in a minute.
Now many scholars have also argued that Lohia's search for a language that could take on English led him to believe that a very wide range of languages could be subsumed under Hindi or Hindustani.
and that the speakers of all these languages could be persuaded to use Nagari script in writing their respective languages.
So, the languages that Lohia was arguing to be subsumed within the Hindi or Hindustani was say Punjabi or Gujarati and such like others which can be subsumed within the Hindi or Hindustani language.
And Lohia has a very problematic understanding here.
In contemporary times, it is not right to argue perhaps for the subsuming of a rich language like Punjabi or Gujarati.
And many people do criticize him because of this kind of argument that he was putting forth.
So, he came up with three different proposals to address the sensibilities and concerns of the non-Hindi speakers.
from external communication.
The other group could retain English to communicate with the central government, but internally, they will not use or abolish the use of English and promote their provincial language or the native language.
And finally, he suggested a multilingual sense by excluding English at the central level.
So, now, these three propositions, first is about the use of Hindi, second which talks about two kinds of states where one kind of states will exclude English.
from both its internal and external communication, especially, the Hindi-speaking state.
And non-Hindi-speaking states wanted English to be used in their communication with the external institutions such as center or some other bodies.
But internally, they must promote their own provincial languages.
And finally, which becomes more acceptable proposition is a kind of multilingual center which will promote all the languages.
And if we look at the trajectory of post-independent Indian state, we have now 22 scheduled languages.
And there is no one national language or one official language.
All these languages can be used for official purposes in different states.
But another point is that English remains the de facto official language of the state and that becomes the norm.
Initially, after the independence, there was a heated debate and exchanges on the issue of language and what should be the official language of the country.
So, in such context, Lohia had these three propositions which we have just explained.
Now, Lohia argued that English does not harm India so much because it is foreign, but because it is in the feudal Indian context.
So, the harm or the capacity to do harm.
of English in India is not because it is a foreign language, but because the context or the society which we have in India is highly feudal.
Now, in that society, there is a kind of privilege or those who are marginalized or suppressed.
And their language, a particular form of language was strengthening such privilege or exclusion or marginalization and that was the problematic.
So, he writes that only a tiny minority of 1% of the population achieves such efficiency in the language to be able to use it for power or profit.
To this tiny minority, English is an instrument of domination and exploitation over the vast masses who cannot.
speak that language as efficiently as they can.
And, when we say banish English, we certainly do not wish to banish it from England or America, nor even from India's colleges, if it is an optional subject.
There is no question of banishing it from the library.
So, it will be wrong for us to argue that he was against learning of English language or against the use of English language per se.
But, his opposition to English was because it strengthened those who are privileged, those who are exploiting or marginalizing the vast masses of Indian population who cannot speak that language.
And that is the basis of his Angreji Hathaw Andolan or Vanish English movement.
So, Lohia asked for school instruction to be provided in the mother tongue as there have been universal consensus on this.
But insisted that children must in addition to their mother tongues.
learn at least two other languages.
In those two other languages, one should be Hindi and the other should be either a foreign language or any other Indian languages.
So, he had this kind of three language formula where the primary language should be the mother tongue.
But besides that, all the children should be taught at least two languages where one should be Hindi and the second should be either a foreign language or any other Indian language.
So, he saw the need for an international language to be used in communication between nations.
But, he was not convinced that this language for communication in the international arena should always be English.
It can be any other language, French or Chinese or maybe even Russian.
So, he was against privileging English as the only language for international communication as well.
So, some scholars therefore, argue.
that Lohia clarified repeatedly that he was for removal of English and not for the establishment of Hindi.
Because for him, the real question was feudal language in India versus the people's language.
So, in his approach to the language problem, what we find is Lohia was uncompromising, very clear about his opposition to the removal of English.
or its removal from the privileged position in Indian society and Indian polity.
But whether that should lead to establishment of Hindi, here we see a kind of ambiguity in Lohia's approach where we find him more accommodative, more flexible.
So, Lohia argued that the war of the socialist party on English is for the sake of the mother which means, Uriya, Bengali, Tamil and Telugu as much as Hindi.
So, it is not about privileging Hindi over any other Indian language.
He wanted Indian languages to be strengthened, to have more say or contribution in our official and public political discourse in place of English.
And there, that Indian language need not to be Hindi.
During that time, there was a kind of belief that there has to be one lingua franca which should replace the English.
But now, we increasingly believe that the multilingual countries like India can well communicate or exchange ideas or thoughts by speaking, by using more and more their And Lohia increasingly tried to accommodate such kind of multilingual scene rather than replacing one monolanguage to the other monolanguage be it Hindi or any other Indian language.
So the focus of much of his writing was on how the dominance of English has led to loss of self-confidence and unequal opportunities for the masses and has dwarfed the Indian mind.
So, there is a kind of damage to the emergence or the development of Indian political thought also because of such domination.
So, he argued passionately that Indian languages not just Hindi are adequate for that task for modern society or polity and can be further refined if we start using them in our public spaces.
So, he identified state patronage.
and school education as the key for the resumption of Indian language.
And therefore, how Indian language can be promoted and strengthened when there is a state patronage to it, when there is a kind of school education in Indian languages.
And all these concerns were not confined merely in Lohia's writings, but also appeared in the resolution that was passed by the Angreji-Hattawas Samulands that he instituted.
So, Lohia, through his writings, through his political activities was increasingly championing the cause of Indian languages which is not to be understood only as Hindi or Hindustani.
And many scholars have wrongly reduced Lohia's approach merely as a kind of supporter of Hindi or a linguistic chauvinist.
But actually, Lohia was trying to argue or support the cause of all the Indian languages So, what we find in Lohia is that while he was uncompromising in his opposition to English, he was always open to correction and accommodation regarding his views on Indian languages.
So there we see a shift in his position about Indian languages, especially about the role of Hindi.
So, precisely, because it was a second order question that what should be the replacement.
So, English should be removed, but what we should replace English with?
Here, we find Lohia more accommodative, more flexible and this is a kind of second order question.
So, there was ambivalence and subtle shifts in Lohia's thinking about this question.
And it is interesting to argue that Lohia began with the proposition that Hindustani should be the language of the union, but moved to a two-department thesis.
involving a bifurcation of Hindi and non-Hindi sections in the government and finally, came to advocate a multilingual center involving all the then 14 official languages of the republic.
So, later on, he used to often report, let Hindi go to hell in his remarks.
So, we see a kind of clear shift from making Hindi as a lingua franca of the country to a kind of two department thesis and then finally, supporting the multilingual center.
that Lohia was in support of all the Indian languages for the promotion of all the Indian languages and not just Hindi.
So, now to summarize the core arguments of Lohia on language, one can do it through these two quotations from Lohia.
And first is about English and then the second is about the language policy of the state and which language needs to be promoted.
So, about English, he writes, it is now impossible to banish the public use of English.
without the desire of the people.
The policy of removal of English gradually which has been adopted by the government of India is proving more dangerous than the policy of retaining English forever.
So, the chief problem is the removal of English and not the establishment of Hindi.
So that is again very clear in his writings.
So this clarification is necessary for the non-Hindi speaking states.
like Mysore, Bengal, Tamil Nadu should have the option not to use Hindi at all.
They may use their own languages, but they also must remove English.
So, the greater attention and the more focus of Lohia is to remove English.
That is the bigger challenge than the establishment of Hindi.
So, he wanted to promote and not to use English Hindi at all by the non-Hindi speaking Indian states.
But it is necessary to remove English from its The second quote is about the language policy.
So, a correct language policy has to be evolved.
Hindi should be the language of the central government.
Immediately after the gadgeted post of the central government should be reserved for the non-Hindi speaking areas for 10 years.
The center should correspond with the states in Hindi and the states should correspond with the center in their regional languages.
until such time they learn Hindi.
The medium of education up to graduate course should be the regional language and for post-graduate studies, it should be Hindi.
The district judge and magistrate may use their regional languages whereas the High Court and the Supreme Court should use Hindustani.
The speeches in Lok Sabha should generally be made in Hindustani.
But, members who do not know Hindi may speak their own language.
Although it is a correct language policy, any state or its government which may not like to adopt this policy and wishes to continue with its regional language should have the freedom to do so.
This is a very comprehensive approach to the whole issue of language and language policy of the state.
So, it should not be objected to, although it will be a regrettable situation.
I believe this is a temporary difficulty.
Therefore, keeping in view the pernicious propaganda and interest of the nation, the chief aim of our movement should be removal of English and not the establishment of Hindi.
It is certain.
that Hindi shall be established on an all-India level in due course.
But if in some states or even on the all-India level, Marathi or Bengalis establish, we should not mind it.
So, that is a kind of openness or a commodity approach to other Indian languages in his on language.
But one uncompromising stand that he has is about the removal of English and that is not to do with the language per se, but the kind of privileged position, the kind of domination it enables to its speaker in a society which is highly feudal like India.
So, there the issue of language is connected to the issue of social equality.
and to the larger question of democratization.
And therefore, he was against the kind of privileged status that English language provides to a few sections of Indian society at the cost of the larger masses which are excluded from the corridors of power.
So, in this court, again we have seen the kind of proposition he was making about Hindi.
At the same time, the objective was not to establish Hindi as the national language.
Of course, it is desirable, but the main objective of the whole movement he was trying to provide leadership to is to remove English from its position of domination.
Thus, one can summarize his views on Indian language in following points.
One, Lohia allows state governments the freedom to correspond in their own regional language until they learn Hindi.
Two, in return for this.
Non-Hindi estates are to be provided with reservation.
So, the Midlands, Lohi also makes the distinction between the Midlands and the Coastlands.
So, in Midlands, he thought that Hindi can be easily promoted as the official language.
But in the Coastlands, one needs to be cautious about promoting Hindi.
So, he writes that the Midlands must immediately operate through the Hindi department in Delhi.
If Gujarat, Maharashtra and any other states opt to join the Hindustani department, they should be gratefully welcomed with whatever reservation in the state.
services and the like they desire.
So that is the second point we can draw from Lohia's position on language.
And thirdly, Lohia thought the promotion or propagation of Hindi must be temporarily suspended, but this is only a tactical retreat to achieve a strategic victory.
The effort to persuade the coastlands to accept Hindi must be given up for it only leads to further irritation and contestations among the non-Hindi speakers.
So, according to Lohia, once the coastlands abandon English at the provincial level, including the high court, the university, the secretariat and all such public institutions, it would be only a matter of time when they apply for admission into the Hindu world.
So, that is the gradual strategy for the promotion of Hindi among the non-Hindi speaking regions that Lohia is arguing about.
So, to avoid the irritation and contestation.
So, he wanted the government or the Indian state to suspend the promotion of Hindi in such region.
But then, he wanted those regions to promote their own provincial language and gradually, they will learn Hindi and Hindi turned out to be the lingua franca of the country.
So, Lohia's position on Indian language illustrates something more general about his approach to politics.
For Lohia, politics was a means for the empowerment of the masses which can be done only when it is conducted in the language of the people.
of the people and not of the elite as English or any other foreign language.
However, these aspects of his politics and thought have remained somewhat under theorized even to this day.
When one speaks or thinks or argues about Lohia's views on politics, the subtle or invisible aspects of his critique to English language.
is somewhat ignored or undermined or un-theorized which we need to focus more.
So, here in his opposition to English and support for Hindi is seen merely as a kind of linguistic chauvinist which is far from truth.
For Lohia, the politics is about the empowerment of the masses.
That empowerment of the masses cannot happen unless the politics is carried out in the language that masses understand.
and that is something which we need to focus when we think about the issue of language.
Now, to conclude this lecture on Lohia's views on language, we find his views on language deeply intertwined with the kind of socialist politics.
So, the intersection of caste, class, gender and language is there in Lohia's thought and the kind of socialist politics that he was championing or trying to pursue in India.
As he was trying to evolve an indigenous model or distinct model of socialism in India, the question of language becomes much more for Lohia than merely as a marker of cultural identity or such thing.
So, he connected the question of language with the question of democratization and social equality in India.
So, the question of language and language problem is much more than a question of identity or cultural expression.
However, there have been shifts in Lohia's position on language issue in India, where we have seen.
For instance, from Hindi- Hindustani to support for the two department thesis and then a kind of multilingual center that we have seen in Lohia.
Scholars like Yogendra Yadav have argued that Lohia was wrong in emphasizing on the need for A, only one singular monolinguage as a powerful linked language.
to replace English as a lingua franca in India.
So, perhaps, these scholars argue the right direction would have been to look for a multilingual solution which was there in any case in Lohiaís proposition as a multilingual centre.
So, Yogendra Yadav even goes on to express that perhaps the Indianized English can be an ally of the Indian languages in their struggle against the English.
So, English as a language which gives a kind of privileged position.
in comparison to someone speaking or doing or thinking or writing in any of the Indian languages.
So, a kind of Indianized English can be an ally of Indian languages to fight the English as the language of domination or the language of privileged class in India.
In academia or among the scholars, there have been a kind of conspicuous silence regarding the politics and thought of Ram Manohar Lahiya, except by his politically opportune for them.
Even the small sincere groups and individuals whose loyalty cannot be questioned are of no use so long as they remain mere worshippers of Lohia, celebrating his birth and death days and parroting some of his witnessing.
So, without critically engaging with his thoughts, even the loyal supporters of Lohia remain entrapped in worshipping his birthdays and death days and repeating some of his witty remarks about Indian politics, society, the challenges before the Indian society and so on.
So, there is a kind of silence or conspicuous silence about engaging with Lohia and his thought or his politics.
So, the absence of such critical engagement does not allow us to understand the subtle or kind of emancipatory prospects or politics that Lohia was arguing for in his active political life.
So, the complexity as well as the relevance of Lohia's thought and ideals.
have led scholars and his followers differed on many grounds.
Some of the readings that we have provided will help you to understand such disagreements or difference of opinion about many of Lohia's positions and views on caste, class, socialism or Indian languages.
It is also true that many political parties, many mainstream political parties and even radical groups derived their inspiration from the life and works of Lohia.
However, it is high time to critically engage with his thoughts and ideas that is something which will enable us to retrieve some of the liberatory or emancipatory potentials or ideas that are there in Lohia's thought.
So, it is now high time besides the uncritical or ineffective engagement with Lohia as many of his loyal followers or supporters are doing or a kind of conspicuous silence on the part of his scholars to not to engage with the Lohia.
culturally sensitive or rooted political activist and thinker like Lohia and subject him to critical scrutiny.
Now, the time is to critically engage with Lohia and subject his ideas to critical scrutiny and retrieve some of the potential liberatory or emancipatory ideals that were there in terms of thinking about how to democratize the society and how to fight the privilege and the hierarchy or inequality in society by fighting simultaneously on many fronts.
make our society, our polity, our democracy more inclusive, more empowering.
So, that is all on Lohias.
The themes that we have discussed today, you can refer to some of these works by Raman Har Lohia on language and then some of the readings from the EPW.
So, Yogendra Yadav was Lohia parochial and monolingual.
Again from Yogendra Yadav, what is living and what is dead in Raman Har Lohia and also on remembering Lohia.
These are the texts you can refer to.
By Sudhanwad, Deshpande and Yogendra Yadav, Lohia and language with rejoinder, you can refer to understand specifically the core arguments of Lohia about the language and then context, discourse and vision of Lohia socialism.
by Raja Ram Tulpadi.
These are some of the texts which you can refer to on Lohia.
So, that is all on Lohia.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you all.
Hello and welcome friends to the second lecture on B. R. Ambedkar.
In the previous lecture, we have discussed his education, his personal life, his political engagement and many of his political campaign to fight against the caste oppression or caste discrimination and many satyagrahas to assert the Dalits or untouchables access to public places like tanks, temples or wells.
And also, we have discussed his differences on the question of caste.
from the reforms movement or the political position being taken by congress or its leadership including Gandhi.
And then, we have also, discussed his views on partition.
Now, today in this lecture, we will focus his views on caste by looking at his text ëAnnihilation of Casteí.
And on the basis of this text, we will try to understand many of the insights.
or the critical assessment that he provides about the caste and caste as a problem to form a society or a nation which is based on the principle of fraternity or which allow mutual respect among the fellow beings.
So, how caste and caste based discrimination plays a role of hindrance or impediments in forging such relationship which is based on the question of conception of liberty.
equality, fraternity or mutual respect.
So, we will study these from this text and also, we will try to understand his difference from Gandhi and the role of such differences was not a kind of antithetical to each other.
But they also, shared a lot of common vision or similar visions for the future of India that we will also, discuss by concluding this lecture.
So, to begin with his views on caste and the two quotations I have cited here is from the original text he wrote in 1936 which is titled as Annihilation of Caste.
So, in this text, he quoted Buddha and writes no truth as truth and untruth as untruth.
This is the toughest task for any individual political activist or a thinker.
to identify, to understand or to recognize truth as truth or untruth as untruth.
So, this is the intellectual task or responsibility of any individual to understand or to examine or to identify the real problems, the root cause of such problems and how to eradicate such problems.
So, Ambedkar do not have a kind of philosophical or philosophical in a sense of merely speculative.
exercise about the caste issue and how to reform it and how to solve the caste and untouchable problems.
He was having a very rational approach to first understand the caste and what sustains the caste, what is the root cause of the reproduction of this caste based discrimination in everyday life and what could be the effective solution to the caste system.
So, he was trying to then not a kind of mysterious or a kind of sceptical approach towards the social problem.
So, he in my assessment by this quotation mean the responsibility of a thinker or an individual political activist is to understand what is truth and understand it as truth or untruth as untruth.
And the second which comes more closer to his approach towards a lot of social and political problems in India and also, the solution that he was providing from the Drummond quotation that is he that will not reason is a bigot and he that cannot reason is a fool and he that dare not reason is a slave.
So, the reason or rationality is the very basis of thought or understanding for Ambedkar and he categorized different kind of individuals on the basis of their capability or their use of reason among the bigot or a fool or a slave and therefore, in his understanding of social problems or social challenges in India, he wanted to have a rational or logical approach to understanding or identifying the problem and then providing a rational or logical solution to overcome it or to forge a relationship which will allow India to develop or emerge as a nation based on the principle of fraternity and equality.
So, the question of region remains very crucial to his political and social thought.
Now, if we come to this text on annihilation of caste, this text was prepared basically as a lecture or as an address to the annual conference of Jatpat Turak Mandal in Punjab.
So, in 1936, Ambedkar was invited by the Jatpat Turak Mandal, a Hindu caste reformed organization based in Punjab to deliver the presidential address at their annual conference.
When Ambedkar sent them the text of his address, the invitation was following disagreements over certain passages in the text.
Now, this gives us a sense of differences even among those who were fighting for social reforms, fighting for removing untouchability or to solve the caste system or to remove or to fight the caste system or caste based discrimination.
So, there are different layers even among those who were trying to fight for social justice.
especially, those who were fighting for reforming the caste or fighting untouchability.
So, this Jatapatha Torok is one of such Hindu social organization committed to social reform.
But they withdraw their support to the Ambedkar because of certain passages, where this organization differ from Ambedkar and that gives us a sense of the sharpness of the differences between Ambedkar and the congress and many other organizations.
also, committed to social and economic reforms as also, they were fighting for the political freedom.
So, this invitation was withdrawn.
However, Ambedkar went ahead and published this address which is entitled as Annihilation of Caste and this became one of the most influential works on caste system in India.
Ambedkar wrote many things and here, one needs to emphasize on this point annihilation.
So, the Ambedkar is not talking about reforming caste system.
He is talking about annihilating, just doing away with this whole system of caste.
So, therefore, his response is very different from the Congress and the Gandhian and many other organizations such as Jatpat Taurak Mandal about caste reform.
So, for Ambedkar, the issue or the objective is not just to reform the caste, but to annihilate the caste and without such annihilation, there is no possibility of forging a relationship based on fraternity or mutual respect or equality.
So, he was so, dissatisfied with the contemporary activities of Hindu social and religious reforms movement that in the preface of this work, he wrote and that gives us the sense of his anguish or his anger against not just the outdated or exploitative system of caste, but also, the reforms that was being undertaken by many organizations or activists.
So, in this preface of annihilation of caste, he writes what can anyone explain.
from a relationship so tragic as the relationship between the reforming sect of caste Hindus and the self-respecting sect of the untouchables.
Now, this point one needs to understand the relationship between the reforming sect of the caste Hindus and the self-respecting sect of untouchables where the formers have no desire to alienate their orthodox fellows and later have no alternative but to insist upon reform being carried out.
So, this gives us the real sharp confrontation between two sets of social reform movement.
One is led by caste Hindus trying to reform the caste and yet not willing to alienate their orthodox elements.
So, you might have heard about the initial decades of Indian renaissance, here there is emphasis on.
social reforms, religious reforms, gender reforms or providing education to the women, reform in the family.
But these are not extended to reform the whole structure of caste which reproduces differences which is exploitative or which subjugate or which exploit and oppress the vast number of untouchables.
Now, to this kind of this set of social reforms, Ambedkar was saying that their reform is not to reform the family or to reform the system, but to assert which is about the self-respecting sect of the untouchables.
So, the assertion of self-respect or dignity or fighting for the self-respect and dignity that is very different from the reformist or a kind of reformist approach where orthodoxy continued to be practiced or to be practiced.
included in this approach or in their movement for social reforms.
So, Ambedkar was clearly, distinguishing between these two set of reformers, where one is about reforming the family or caste that concerns their lives or their collective self.
But the other hand, the movement that was being led by Ambedkar and many organizations which is about fighting for this self-respect.
So, the question of reform to contain or to continue with the orthodox elements or to include the orthodoxy, not to alienate them that is being practiced by many organizations or groups.
On the other hand, Ambedkar was promoting or leading a movement or identifying the movement which is about asserting the self-respect, fighting for the self-respect and dignity.
And therefore, the two are often at loggerhead with each other and Ambedkar is focusing more.
towards this social reforms.
At this point, one also needs to understand that when we were fighting for the political independence and I have been referring to this again and again in my previous lecture, that there is a kind of shift in our anti-colonial struggle, where we have started from social religious reforms movement.
But then, the priority was shifted to political independence and political freedom first and then it was.
being thought about, thought out by many leaders or groups that political freedom can also be achieved first and we should all come together to fight for our political freedom.
The social reforms and other things can we can tackle later on once we achieve the independence.
But many people or Ambedkar in the next lecture, when we will discuss his views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality, we will see that how he continued to argue and caution the constitution maker that political independence or political democracy is not without social and economic democracy will be meaningless, it will not work for long.
And so, many leaders and groups were arguing about simultaneous or continuous focus on or fighting for the social reforms or the social hierarchy that was there.
So, here in this slide, one gets the sense that for Ambedkar, the objective is not just to reform and continue to.
include the orthodoxy and orthodox element in the society, but to annihilate, but to remove this whole eradicate the whole system of caste and caste based discrimination.
So, in annihilation of caste, Ambedkar probably, for the first time raised many profound questions about the caste system or regarding the caste system.
The caste system is governing principle of Hindu society.
So, every sphere of life from birth to death, and social to economic to religious to culture to political life of Hindu society is by and large governed by the caste.
And these castes are unequal in ranks and these inequalities deeply disturbed Ambedkar and he himself was subjected to such discrimination and humiliation based on caste discrimination.
So, he was deeply disturbed by such differences or humiliation and that compelled him to strongly criticize Hindu society and also, he gradually developed critique.
of Hindu religion as such.
So, for him, Hindu religion or Hindu society is a Sikh society in many ways.
And it is interesting that when many people argue about the continuous existence of Hindu civilization for millennia, for Ambedkar, that is not heroic.
If society which cannot treat its own fellow members with respect, with dignity and continue to reproduce the differences and treat others with contempt, that kind of existence for Ambedkar is simply disgusting or not acceptable and certainly, not something which one can celebrate.
So, he gradually developed his criticism and later on, he as we have discussed in our previous lecture converted to Buddhism because of his hope or any hope that he might have had about reforms or reforms within the Hindu religion to eradicate or annihilate caste.
He considered or he completely lost the faith of any reform certainly, after the Hindu code will controversy or the conservatism or orthodoxy and its domination on the polity, society and economy of India that he later on converted to Buddhism and he many from 1930 onwards.
itself, develop a kind of distance or a kind of critique to this whole religious edifice of Hinduism and continuously, said that I was born a Hindu, but I will not die as a Hindu and that remains continuously.
But before doing that, he of course, studied many religions including Sikhism, Christianity, Jainism and finally, decided to convert to Buddhism which he did in 1956.
So, he argued that the graded in Graded inequality is the normative anchor of the caste system and it restricts the reach of equality to the members of lower caste.
So, the inequality or the caste based discrimination that is there in India is graded.
That means, the position or the treatment that a member of a particular caste will receive from the member of other caste will depend upon the station of their community in the hierarchy of the caste system.
So, everyone do not suffer the same kind of differences or same kind of humiliation or discriminations.
Their humiliation or discrimination or contempt.
or admiration, everything depends on the status of their existence or their group in the caste hierarchy.
So, this is a very complex system of graded inequality and therefore, he argued that it is very difficult to unite all the caste to fight against the whole system.
Because there are contempt, discrimination or humiliation at the same time simultaneously, they privilege.
that is associated to such a system also.
So, this graded inequality or hierarchy is a normative anchor of caste system which restricts the reach of equality to the members especially of the lower caste.
So, the member of different castes cannot be treated equally because of this graded inequality that pervades all sphere of Hindu society.
So, regarding untouchability, he said untouchability is not a simple matter.
It is the mother of all poverty.
and lowliness and it has brought us to the abject state we are in today.
If we want to raise ourselves out of it, we must undertake this task and we cannot be saved in any other way.
It is a task not for our benefit alone, it is also for the benefit of the nation.
Now he is making an interesting point here.
where he is saying that or it is also perhaps necessary for us to understand or make a distinction between the caste system or untouchability or the question of untouchability.
So, on caste, he has written very extensively, but all his fight, of course, there is a kind of interconnection between the caste system which leads to untouchability.
But the caste system and the caste society is very different from those who are excluded from the hierarchy.
or the question of untouchability.
And throughout his life, he was politically involved in the struggle for fighting for self-respect and dignity of the untouchable.
So, for him, this untouchability is the root cause or the mother of all poverty and lowliness among the untouchables and that has brought us to the abject condition where it is very difficult even to consciously understand that one is subjected to humiliation or discrimination.
So, one submit, voluntarily submit to such humiliation or condition and considered it as their fate, as their lord because of their birth.
So, from that abject condition of existence to rise and to fight for the self-dignity or self-respect is what Ambedkar was trying to achieve and trying to fight for.
So, and that fight for Ambedkar then cannot be led by any other groups or be it congress or be it colonial government, but the untouchables themselves have to fight for such status, So, we have to remember that when there was a negotiation between colonial government and congress and the Muslims, he was trying to create an autonomous or a separate political group of untouchables and to safeguard their interest and their protection.
And for that, he was trying to have constant negotiation.
succeeded to a great extent in achieving those safeguards for the untouchables, both from the colonial rule to different rentable conference and legislation and also, from the constituent assembly where he was the chairman of the drafting committee.
So, his understanding about such fight for self-respect and dignity.
can be achieved only when untouchables fight for themselves.
So, there is no expectation from other groups or other organizations fighting on their behalf for their self-respect.
And this movement, this struggle for Ambedkar is not just for their own benefit, but for the benefit of a nation.
Because for Ambedkar, the possibility of a political community without social equality and sense of fellow feeling or fraternity is unsustainable.
And therefore, he was very skeptical about the… prospect of India as a nation which continued to practice such exploitative system as caste or untouchability.
So, his criticism on caste system were based on many grounds and he writes, ëThe effect of caste on the ethics of Hindus is simply deplorable.
Caste has killed public spirit.í And this is something about the celebration of Indiaís existence for millennia.
But there is an obstruction, there is a restriction of public spirit.
or coming together to fight when there is an external invasion or there is a common challenge for the whole society which is prevented, obstructed in India because the practices of caste which does not allow such public spirit or the common solidarity to emerge in the first place.
So, he writes, the effect of caste on the ethics of Hindus is simply deplorable and caste has killed public spirit.
Caste has destroyed the sense of public charity.
caste has made public opinion impossible.
Because the public opinion in India is largely governed by the station of the individual in the caste hierarchy.
So, there is no true public opinion so to say.
A Hindu public is his caste, his responsibility is to his caste, his loyalty is restricted only to his caste, virtue has become caste-ridden and morality has become caste-bound.
In such a society, how one can think of a public spirit or public opinion which represents the interest of all sections of society, where even the morality, ethics and virtue is caste.
driven or caste bond.
So, in that kind of society, the possibility of emerging a political community which should be sustainable, which can continue for long is something which he was very sceptical about.
And the criticism that he has against the caste system or the Hindu religion which gives sanction.
to such practices or because this practice is followed by millions because they believe in the Hindu Shastra according to which they thought these practices or the social practices or evil practices of caste and untouchability is justified.
So, he criticized caste system because caste is not just a division and this is also, the rational argument he is putting forward.
So, first of all, there are many justifications of caste system and one of such justification is that caste is basically, the definition division of labour and every society has such division of labour.
Later on, it has acquired a degenerated form and that can be reformed.
But caste system in itself is not wrong because there is a division of labour on the basis of caste.
So, he criticized such arguments and argued that caste is not just a division of labour, but it is also a division of labourers and said it is pity that caste even today has its defenders.
So, as many people were defending the caste system, the caste is not merely a division of labour, it is also a division of labourers.
Civilized society undoubtedly needs division of labour, but in no civilized society, each division of labour accompanied by this unnatural division of labourers into watertight compartments.
So, the caste system is not merely a division of labourers which is quite different from division of labour, it is a hierarchy.
in which divisions of labourers are graded one above the other.
So, that is the inequality or the discrimination based on caste is not one to one and one universal which is applicable to everyone.
It is graded depending upon the station of oneís life in this hierarchy, one over the other.
In no other country is the division of labour accompanied by this gradation of labourers.
So, he was very critical of those who are arguing or justifying caste as the basis of division of labour which is good in itself, but it has degenerated which one can reform and therefore, caste does not need to be annihilated or eradicated.
So, he put forth a strong criticism against that view that caste is a division of labour and he believed that the division of labour is not spontaneous, it is not based on the natural aptitude of the individual and most importantly, that the choice of individual is not guaranteed or not given.
in this division of so called labor because it does not depends on the aptitude of the person or the worth of the person.
But because he was born into a caste, he must perform certain functions, certain duty that is associated to that particular caste.
So, it has nothing to do with the aptitude of the individual or the choice of the individual, where that individual is comfortable or efficient in doing such work or some other work.
So, in this caste based division of labor.
So, to say the question of aptitude or choice is simply absent.
He also, argued against the rigid caste boundaries.
He realized that each caste is assigned boundaries so that each one may at once, be recognized as belonging to its particular caste.
So, there is the rigidity in this caste system where everyone is his role or her role is fixed according to his caste and that started from Brahmins.
It was followed by the lower caste and further lower down the orders and so, every caste becomes a kind of closed groups.
in itself and their role was fixed and there is no possibility of ever coming out of such conditions or such status.
So, for caste system to operate or to shape the everyday life of Indian, it is the notion of purity and pollution which reproduced caste in everyday lives of Indians.
And in this regard, Amedkar using Bhandarkarís paper on foreign elements in the Hindu population argues that considering the racial intermingling throughout the human history, it is delusionary on the parts of many caste Hindus to think about their caste as pure and free from all the foreign elements.
So, this.
The basis of caste discrimination and caste hierarchy which rests on the notion of purity and pollution is punctured by Ambedkar where he is using Bhandarkarís paper on foreign elements in the Hindu population to argue that it is delusionary on the part of caste Hindus to think of their caste as pure and free from foreign elements considering the racial intermingling throughout the human history.
So, he stated that Hindu society was a collection of castes fixed in watertight compartments with graded hierarchy that made an associated corporate life virtually impossible.
So, the argument against the caste and caste discrimination is based on this understanding that it obstructs the growth of associated corporate life impossible in Hindu society because of this graded hierarchy and watertight compartmentalization of different castes and their sectarian living.
So, the morality and ethics or the norms of public life is shaped by the particular caste and communal identity and not really, a kind of free associational living which can help in constructing a progressive forward-looking society in India.
So, Ambedkar argued that caste prevents Hindu from forming a real society or nation where everyone, each member is treated equally.
And caste has completely, disorganized and demoralized the Hindus.
He writes, in every Hindu, the consciousness that exists is the consciousness of his caste and not the whole society as such.
So, it divides and it divides not just in social and economic sense, but also, in psychological, emotional and moral and ethical sense.
So, the consciousness or the conscience that or ethics that an individual Hindu carries is the conscience, consciousness or the ethics of his particular caste or her particular caste.
And that is the reason why the Hindus cannot be said to form a society or a nation.
So, this is the biggest hindrance.
Okay.
So, according to Ambedkarian.
of forging a national identity or a collective identity among the Hindus.
So, this way, Ambedkar painfully, stated the voice feature of caste system as anti-social spirit.
It does not allow to form a collective identity.
So, he argued that caste is a powerful weapon for preventing all reforms as the law gives each caste an autonomy to regulate its membership and punish dissenters with excommunication.
So, the social by-court or excommunication was very prevalent in India.
to punish those dissenters and those who were arguing for any social reforms.
However, at this point, one also needs to remember the struggle against the caste system or caste hierarchy or the priestly class is not new.
From the very beginning, the rise of Buddhism or Zionism, then in medieval times, the Bhakti or Sufi movement is also in a sense, a struggle or a assertion against the hierarchy.
or against the discrimination based on status be it economics or social or religious.
And this movement continued and acquired more political form during the anti-colonial struggle and Ambedkar provided the foundational or the intellectual foundation for such a struggle and also, led many political movements for reforming or for annihilating such practices.
So, in his opinion, caste in the hands of orthodox has been a powerful weapon.
therefore, for persecuting the reformers and killing all reforms.
So, the caste must be annihilated for any social, economic and political reforms to happen because without such annihilation, no reforms is possible.
In fact, it provides a kind of weapon in the hands of orthodoxy to prohibit all kinds of reforms or punish all kinds of reformers.
So, he believed that the real key to destroying caste is the rejection of sastras.
So, how to reform, destroy caste?
He writes, the enemy you must grapple with is not the people who observe caste but the sastras, the Hindu texts or religious texts.
which teach them this religion of caste.
Criticizing and ridiculing people for not inter-dining or inter-marrying or occasional holding inter-caste dinners and celebrating inter-caste marriages is a futile method of achieving the desired end.
Of course, he argued for inter-caste marriage or inter-caste as a way for forward to fight caste based discrimination.
But the real remedy for destroying caste or religion of caste.
is to destroy the belief in the sanctity of the Shastras.
So, the millions of Hindu followers practice or reproduce caste in their daily lives believing in the Shastras sanction of such practices.
And so, the religion is deeply embedded in their sense of caste based discrimination or the caste hierarchy.
So, he was arguing for the fighting, the fighting the authority of the caste which provide sanction to such caste practices.
And there, he differed from Gandhi and many congress leaders where they argued that the Hinduism does not really talk about caste and caste based discrimination.
Essentially, in Hinduism, everyone is treated equally and everyone is capable of realizing the supreme self or to connect with the supreme self or attain the spiritual heights with.
So, there is no prohibition on the basis of caste and other things also.
So, the connection between Hinduism and the caste system that Ambedkar described, I think, argued for was contested and critiqued by many leaders including Gandhi.
So, Ambedkar was critical of the attempt of social reforms by many contemporaries including Gandhi.
He stated that reforms working for the removal of untouchability including Mahatma Gandhi do not seem to realize that the acts of the people or discriminatory acts of the people are merely the results of their beliefs inculcated in their minds by the Shastras and that people will not change their conduct until they cease to believe in the sanctity of the Shastras.
on which their conducts are founded.
So, for Ambedkar, those social reformers fighting for these practices of caste or untouchability need to understand that the people and their belief in the caste based discrimination is based on their belief in the Shastras or the text which gives sanction to such practices.
So, unless that is destroyed or that is fighted, there cannot be change in the conduct of the people even when many reformers themselves in their individual life free themselves from the caste based discrimination.
But for the millions, their practices is governed by their belief in the religious sanction of such caste practices.
So, he also felt that the prohibition in the Hindu religion against intermarriage.
inter-dining, inter-drinking or social intercourse have been said to show people of unequal ranks, their actual status in the society.
So, the caste is something which actually produced and reproduced in everyday life, when on the question of marriage is the most important way to maintain the caste exclusivity, to prevent any kind of intercourse between or among different castes.
So, that is these bonds are symbols of inequality.
inter-dining, inter-drinking or inter-caste marriages are the mechanism through which the status of an individual is shown in the caste Hindu society.
And he believed that the only inter-marriage can lead to true bond to happen and not just inter-drinking, inter-dining or just the formal interaction between and among the caste.
So, he did consider inter-caste marriages as the possible solution for the development of true bonds among.
and different caste in Hindu society and also, to fight against the religious texts which give authority to such caste discrimination.
So, he believed that a true religion therefore, one also needs to understand that he is not against a religion.
He is against, so many people may have this sense that Ambedkar is fighting the religion.
Actually, he is re-interpreting the religion which believes in social harmony, which believes in social equality, which believes in true fellow feelings and principle of fraternity, liberty and justice and equality.
So, he believed that a true religion cultivate responsibility for oneís action.
A religious act may not be a correct act.
but must at least be a responsible act.
To permit of this responsibility, religion must mainly be a matter of principles only.
It cannot be a matter of rules.
The moment it degenerates into rules, it ceases to be religion as it kills responsibility which is the essence of truly religious act.
So, he argued that Hinduism is nothing but a set of rules that governs the everyday lives and not a matter of principle which is about the responsibility of individual towards self, towards the other and not just a set of rules which governs or dictates the everyday lives and choices of the individual.
And he founded a lot of doctrinal cleavages.
within the Hinduism and that is why he gradually developed a criticism against the Hinduism or Sikhness identified the Sikh practices within Hinduism and lost all hope in reforming such religion also.
Now, to study this Gandhi-Ambedkar debate, we find that Ambedkar studied Gandhi very closely and specially, the Gandhian intervention, the overall mass mobilization that Gandhi lead.
And therefore, from 1920s, when Gandhi was leading the mass movement and giving a kind of combined.
movement against the British rule or the foreign rule and prime priority of attaining political independence and then moving to social and other religious reforms.
Ambedkar take a different route by engaging with the colonial ruler, colonial administrator and through his association with the colonial rule, he was also trying to protect the colonial the interest of the untouchables or the Dalits at the same time, when he was also involved in many satyagraha or many non-violent agitational politics for the assertion of self-respect and dignity of untouchables within the Hindu society.
So, these two figures Gandhi and Ambedkar is very interesting to understand their visions.
And in fact, Ambedkar's views and his politics did influence Gandhi from 1930s till his death in 1948.
He continuously tried to eradicate untouchability or social discrimination based on caste.
and he called them Harijans and he was equally, perhaps involved in this eradication of caste and in the question of untouchability as well.
So, Ambedkar studied Gandhian intervention in nationalist movement very closely.
In his works like Mr. Gandhi and the Emancipation of the Untouchables, Ranade, Gandhi and Jinnah and What Congress and Gandhi Have Done to the Untouchables, he critically, examines the views of Gandhi and Gandhism on caste.
and its limitation, limitation in their approach in solving the caste problems.
So, there is lots of confusing or speculative arguments in the Gandhian which Ambedkar found and he provided claims to provide a solid or a kind of pragmatic political solution to the problem of caste and untouchability.
So, initially, Ambedkar was convinced about Gandhiís attempts to reform society and believed that this could bring about political reforms as well.
However, he became sceptical towards Gandhi when he felt that Gandhi succumbed to the pressure of orthodoxy and placed the untouchables at the mercy of caste Hindu.
So, the changing of heart or the kind of politics Gandhi followed led Ambedkar to question or interrogate his methods and politics about social reforms and especially, to protect the interest of untouchables or Dalits.
So, this suspicion became much more clearer.
When he felt that Gandhi was trying to placate Muslims while isolating the untouchables during the round table conference and when they met in second round table conference, from then on their differences on caste question or the separate electorates for the untouchables becomes much more sharper.
However, both of them took various conscious or sincere effort to eradicate or to remove the constitute caste and untouchability.
from Hindu society.
Ambedkar argued for the separate electorate for the untouchables because separate electorates guarantees that a representative enjoys the confidence of the electorate who are his special concern.
However, a majority according to him cannot have separate electorate as it would be a permanent domination of the majority over the minority.
The granting of special electorates for the untouchables was unacceptable to Gandhi because he did not want further destruction or further fragmentation of Hindu society.
He wanted to consolidate or integrate the excluded community from the fold of Hinduism or Hinduism.
So, Gandhian notion of Hindu or Hinduism is much more inclusive or about integrating differences or different communities or excluded communities within the fold of Hinduism.
and increased number of reserve seats for the untouchables and joint electrodes for the assembly seats.
This is known as Puna Pact.
And we have discussed also in our previous lecture how this pact does not satisfy or end the differences between Ambedkar and the Gandhi.
So, many of the followers of Gandhi believed that Gandhi has yielded a lot to Ambedkar and Ambedkar believed cheated or his followers felt cheated by the Gandhi.
forcible compromise that Gandhi forced upon them.
So, after the Pune Pact, Ambedkar became a member of the executive committee of an anti-untouchability league that was formed which is also named as Harjan Sevak Sangh.
But he resigned from this body as he could not accept the strategies of the league to eradicate or annihilate caste.
And after 1933, Ambedkar fought a relentless battle against Gandhi, although they continued to share a number of concerns in common which we will discuss.
So, from this time on, Gandhi and Ambedkar pursued distinctly separate paths.
Gandhi giving the name Harjan, and Gandhi people of God to untouchables and from 1930s, he is equally or perhaps, more active in the social and economic sphere than in the political sphere.
So, Gandhi giving the name Harijan to untouchables and pleading with caste Hindus to abolish untouchability.
So, there is a kind of pleading or a kind of request for change in her to remove untouchability or abolish untouchability.
For Ambedkar, it was a political fight, it was a legal political fight which cannot be achieved merely by appeal or pleading to the caste Hindu who are.
or who are beneficiary of such exploitative system of caste discrimination or untouchability.
So, therefore, he formed a political party and the party attempted to abolish hereditary discrimination in village economic structure and also, questioned the term horizon.
For Ambedkar, untouchable is someone who is broken or Marathi word as we have discussed for Dalit that he used is about someone who is broken and broken in a spirit.
to fight even for their self-respect.
And this is the greatest contribution of Ambedkar, perhaps to develop the consciousness or a sense of empowerment among those communities who were in such a submissive state that they were not even conscious of their discrimination or the constant humiliation.
So, he was very critical of this term which is Gandhian term and that is origin.
So, one of the elements of Gandhiís attitude that disturbed Ambedkar the most was his idealization of Chaturvarna system or Varna Shrama Dharma in Gandhi.
Gandhi believed that all people could be classed according to occupation of equal dignity within the four broad rubrics of Brahmin, Kshatriya, Vaishya and Sudra and untouchables can be included within the classical Varna which falls outside the Varna system should be included as Sudra.
So, for Gandhi, these divisions between four Varna and his differentiation between Varna and caste is something which Ambedkar found very confusing.
or very problematic to understand the problem.
So, for however, for Gandhi, such divisions are not necessarily exploitative because it is about occupations, different occupations as such.
So, he thought these occupations of all kind are equal in worth and he has experimented in many of his ashrams, but largely, outside his ashrams in the everyday lives, The people do not have same respect or mutual respect to all occupations.
So, in India, there is a kind of contempt towards the lower occupations and those who are involved in a particular occupations unlike Gandhian belief of equal respect or equal dignity to all occupations which is the huge justification for Varanashram or Chaturvarna system.
So, Ambedkar found it very problematic, in fact, disgusting in his assessment.
So, this of course, was unacceptable to Ambedkar and he argued that the reorganization of Hindu society on the basis of Chaturvarna is harmful and that the Hindu society must be reorganized on a religious basis which recognizes the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
So, Ambedkar studied the caste system and critically, analyzed the justification it receives from Hindu scriptures.
His thought does not deal merely with removal.
of untouchability which was but one part of anti-caste movement.
He was also concerned with the overall annihilation of caste, not just the discrimination of the caste and reforming the caste, but the annihilation of caste is what Ambedkar was aiming for or fighting for.
Gandhi of course, was in favour of abolition of caste based discrimination.
In personal conduct too, he did not practice caste as many social reforms did not, but in their articulation or engagement, they substantially differed for Ambedkarites kind of.
understanding or approach to caste question.
But he intended to emphasize more on the question of untouchability than on the caste system as a whole.
Gandhi tends to search possible areas of cooperation and integration of the caste whereas, Ambedkar was trying and fighting for the annihilation of the caste.
So, it is interesting to see how Gandhi and Ambedkar negotiated with tradition and their difference are sharp here as well.
So, Gandhi engages in a creative dialogue with tradition.
He tries to find out the element of truth in tradition and emphasize on those truths.
In many cases, he attached new meanings to traditional symbols and he gives an impression that he is asking for nothing new in substance, but for the continuance of world.
So, even the Satya, Ahimsa or the vocabulary that Gandhi used in a new way, inversing a lot of their logical or intellectual space in the tradition and he inverse that to suit the politics of the modern times or the mass mobilization that he was leading.
So, Gandhi tried to have a kind of constructive dialogue with the tradition or find the elements.
of truth in those traditions and trying to revive those truths in the modern politics.
Ambedkar, on the other hand, was in search of the ideology that justifies such exploitative systems such as caste.
He felt that tradition was this ideology.
Injustice based on caste could not have continued unless it was legitimized by a tradition.
He also, believed that the tradition of Hindu society was pre-dominated by Brahminical interests.
As such, he could not ignore the role of tradition in situating caste.
as a moral code of Hindu society.
This prompted Ambedkar to take a critical view of entire Hindu traditions or Hinduism which he also, considered as the Brahminical tradition.
So, however, the difference in the structure of their discourse did not hide their common visions which they share and D Nagaraja and many scholars in contemporary times is talking about the possible dialogue between Ambedkar and Gandhi on the question of social and economic transformation.
especially, for those who are at the lowest level of caste hierarchy.
Both believed that the social transformation could come about only by social action.
So, the role of social actions or activities are as important as its articulation by the thinkers.
So, therefore, they relied heavily on mobilizing people or public opinion against such injustices based on caste.
Social actions perceived by Gandhi and Ambedkar were for them both democratic.
It was in the form of popular struggles, Gandhi many times appeared to be favouring compromises and avoiding conflicts.
So, the Gandhian politics was about popular struggle which many times favoured compromises over conflict or confrontation.
Ambedkar too is seen by many even by his followers as a supporter of non-violent protest or politics or agitational politics to assert the self-respect or the dignity of the untouchables.
So, the Ambedkarite critique of Gandhi is centred on the letters forced on to death in opposition to McDonald award or separate electorates for Dalits.
However, this act had two different criticisms.
In the word of Gopal Guru.
The critic leads to two opposing conception of this act.
The male Ambedkarites look at Gandhiís first as an act of unfairness in as much as it coerces Ambedkar into accepting the Pune pact.
Conversely, female Ambedkarites positively assess the role of Ambedkar who in their judgment acted fairly in saving the life of Mahatma Gandhi signing the Pune pact.
So, there is a difference between two genders within the Ambedkarites movement about Gandhi and his role and his dialogue with Ambedkar on the caste question.
And therefore, Gandhi-Ambedkar debate remains crucial.
emancipation or liberation of society which is caste-ridden or based on caste discriminations and untouchability which prohibit or which weakens the bond or the relationship between and among the members of the same political community or same nation.
So, this is all on this question of caste and Gandhi-Ambedkar debates.
But finally, one also needs to understand in the contemporary politics, the re-emergence of Ambedkar as an icon or use of Ambedkar as a symbol for many political struggles which is also, about social and economic transformation, social justice or egalitarian society.
Somewhere, in this discourse, his focus on annihilation or eradication of caste is some.
were lost and there is now new kind of politics which is emerging where many caste is trying to fight for the recognition as a OBC or SC or ST.
So, the politics in post-independence India has taken a different turn than perhaps Ambedkar was arguing for that is about eradication or annihilation of caste to create a society, to create a nation which would be based on the principle of equality, justice and liberty.
But however, Gandhi and Ambedkar and dialogue between the two remains crucial and can provide the possible solution to create a post-colonial society which would be much more egalitarian, much more fair or just society, where the individual and the collective group or community can prosper or that will help in strengthening the nation or its prosperity as well.
So, many scholars is also, arguing about this possible dialogue or revisiting the dialogue between Gandhi and Ambedkar to understand the problem of caste in even in contemporary India and how to fight it.
So, on this question of caste in Ambedkar, you can refer to some of these texts.
Most importantly, is this original text by Ambedkar which is annihilation of caste and also, you can refer to some of the chapters from Valerian Roderickís The Essential Writings of V. R. Ambedkar and also, some articles in EPW about Gandhi-Ambedkar interface when sell the twine meat or Ambedkar as a political philosopher.
Other texts which we have been referring in this course is Sources of Indian Tradition or Political Thought in Modern India.
Also Makers of Modern India by Ramachandra Guha, you can refer to and also, Understanding Ambedkarís Contribution of Construction of National Movement by Gopal Guru, this text you can refer to.
That is all for today.
In the next class, we are going to discuss Ambedkarís views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
That would be also the concluding lecture on Ambedkar.
So, thanks for listening.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
friends to this.
third and concluding lecture on B. R. Ambedkar.
In this lecture, we are going to discuss his views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
In previous two lectures, we have basically discussed his views on caste and untouchability and how to annihilate caste or remove untouchability from the society and how an ideal society which is based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity is… impossible to construct without annihilating the caste or the caste system.
And what are the methods or how that exploitative system of caste have justification even in the contemporary times and how effectively that can be annihilated that we have discussed through his writings, primarily his text.
annihilation of caste.
Today, we are going to discuss his views on liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
So, remember, there are different strands of thought in Ambedkar and basically, some scholars have argued and in reception or in identifying Ambedkar merely as a caste thinker or a leader who was trying to eradicate untouchability do not do justice to the role of Ambedkar as a national leader, as a democratic thinker or someone who was deeply or intellectually, involved in the making of a country or a society, which should be based on the principles of liberty, equality and fraternity.
And the interrelationship between these three principles are necessary not just in political life or in the legal sphere, but also, in the social and economic sphere.
So, for him, democracy is all encompassing.
way of life, a mode of associated living where the mutual respect or respect of others, the compassion or the fellow feeling is the basis for the formation of such society which is for him an ideal society.
So, Ambedkar was deeply involved or conscious of the challenges or the obstructions and impediments in the realization of such society.
And he shared with many scholars about the sceptical scepticism about the possibility of India as a nation or Indian nationalism which is inherently, divided into different groups, different sections and it treats each other with contempt or there is graded hierarchy.
So, in such condition, how a state or how a government or a democratic government can sustain itself and that is the challenge which Ambedkar was trying to grapple with, trying to understand and also, provide solution to.
And he considered liberal democracy and by liberal democracy and the method that he has used is always non-violent or a kind of Satyagraha in his own way to fight for the legitimate rights of the untouchables or the Dalits and also, to resolve the social issues or the challenges through the peaceful method, through the constitutional method when it is available.
When it is not available, then one can understand the politics such as extra-constitutional politics of non-cooperation or other modes of agitations.
But when the constitutional methods are available, then a society must proceed by following that method, that process of constitutional method to resolve its issues, to address its concerns.
So, Ambedkar was trying to understand the feasibility or the appropriateness of such constitutional method in a society, which is deeply divided on caste lines, on religious lines and there is a graded hierarchy which prevent it to develop a kind of fellow feeling or mutual respect to different sections or different groups.
So, for Ambedkar, in that sense, democracy needs to be supplemented or political democracy needs to be supplemented with the social democracy and social democracy in that sense remains the base.
for the liberal political democracy to sustain or to continue.
He writes on liberal democracy that a democratic form of government presupposes a democratic form of a society.
Now, which is missing in India and that is the challenge, how to overcome these discrepancies in the political democracy and absence of social democracy.
So, a democratic form of government presupposes a democratic form of society.
The formal framework of democracy is of no value.
and would indeed be a misfit if there was no social democracy.
So, understanding of Ambedkar is very comprehensive as to what is the role of democracy and he tries to strengthen or tries to caution the policy makers in the constituent assembly and one of the court, we will discuss later, where he clearly, expressed or assert this life of contradiction for the democracy in post-independent India and how to eradicate such contradictions.
So, for Ambedkar, then the liberal democracy or the political democracy is not something, which is complete in itself, if there is absence of social democracy.
So, social democracy or the social economic democracy is the base on which political democracy can flourish.
So, this is absolutely, necessary in his conception.
He was one of the passionate supporters of the liberal democracy which treats individual on the basis of his or her worth and not on the basis of his or her inheritance or his station of life in the hierarchy.
But on the basis of the merit or the worth of individual and the free discussion or deliberation as the basis or as the method of social progress or social economic change and that Ambedkar wholeheartedly accepted and also, therefore, he criticised.
many ideologies, certainly, communist, socialist and also, the conservative Hinduism or separatist Muslims.
His belief in liberal democracy and deliberative process of resolving conflict, resolving concerns allowed him to criticize the communist, socialist and also, the cultural chauvinistic organizations such as Hindu Mahasabha or Muslim League or many such organizations, which believed in some kind of revivalistic politics or extra-constitutional.
means to create a nation or to create an ideal society.
For Ambedkar, the ideal society or the modern religion should be based on this tripartite relationship between the principles of liberty, equality and fraternity and that becomes the very basis for his idealization of society as well as the state or the form of government.
So, Ambedkar have a very comprehensive or a kind of very passionate support for liberal democracy or deliberative modes of resolving conflict or asserting rights even by those who are dispossessed.
So, he reject any violent modes of agitation and politics in support of liberal constitutional or parliamentary mode of politics.
So, his support for liberal democracy.
is both in its form and practice was the ideal form of government for him.
And he had a very comprehensive understanding of liberal democracies, its practices and also, its limitations.
So, he believed in the representative form of government, but democracy for him was more than mere representation.
In his own words, democracy is not merely a form of government, it is primarily, a mode of associated living.
of conjoint communicated experience.
It is essentially, an attitude of respect and reverence towards fellow men.
So, that is a kind of all encompassing definition and understanding of democracy in Ambedkar which is much more than a form of government or merely a form of government which ensure representation.
For Ambedkar, democracy is something which enables a kind of associated life which.
help in creating a culture of mutual respect and reverence among the fellow men and women.
Why I have said that when he is aware of the value or the application of liberal principles or liberal democracy, when a society like India which is divided on caste lines, linguistic lines or religious lines.
He is also equally aware of its limitation, where there is a lack of focus on the equality.
And this point, we will discuss later certainly, in the context, where he is arguing about this absence of social and economic democracy will lead to the peril of liberal democracy or the window dressing merely.
So, his conception of democracy is related to his idea of a good society that treats everyone with equality and with dignity and without contempt.
So, he defined good society as the one which is based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
So, this becomes the very basis of his politics and political philosophy or his idea of good society or a good country.
So, democracy in such ideal society constituted or based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
is both a means as well as an end to form such society.
It is a means as the way through which a good society can be built.
So, democracy is a basis or is a way forward to create such society, to construct such society and it is also, an end as all society aspires for such ideal or such democracy to be the modes of their governance or their governing.
So, democracy in such context is both a means.
in the social economic sphere and also, an end to achieve that democracy in the political deliberative sphere as well.
So, one important feature of Ambedkarís vision of democracy is that it is the medium of social transformations and human progress especially, in a country like India.
So, democracy then there is not merely a kind of modes of government or the form of government, but also, a tool for social and economic transformation or to ensure human progress or human empowerment.
So, he regarded democracy as a form and a method of government, method of government whereby revolutionary changes in the economic and social life of the people are brought without bloodshed or without violence, agitations or resorting to violence.
So, Ambedkar, believes in the liberal democracy or democratic form of government is not just because it helps in governing a country or a society in a particular way, but it can also be the tool or means to social and economic transformation which is revolutionary accomplishment without resorting to the violent or the bloodshed or the violent politics of any kind or the revolutionary politics.
So, Ambedkar, believes in the democracy and democratic form of government modes of government is not just to ensure a particular form of government or the political rule, but a means, a method to also, achieve social and economic revolutionary transformation without resorting to violence or bloodshed.
So, this leads to the another feature of democracy in Ambedkar that is the relation of political democracy with social and economic democracy that we have also, discussed in the beginning, the quotation where the social democracy in Ambedkar.
Medgarís conception is the base on which political democracy can flourish.
So, political democracy or the rule of the people is the root to all progress.
For him, the soul of democracy consists in the fulfilment of political principles of one man, one vote and one vote, one value.
So, that is the basis of democracy where everyone is treated equally, have equal vote and their vote has equal value.
So, there is no differences.
in terms of their economic status or social status or religious status.
So, political democracy treats every citizen equally.
They are entitled to same rights or equal rights without any discrimination on the basis of caste, creed, language, sex, etc.
But political democracy is nothing, if there is no social and economic democracy.
In other words, social and economic democracy are the tissues and fibres.
of political democracy.
So, without such social and economic democracy, there is no strength, no effectiveness or no this very survival of political democracy is in danger.
So, the strength of political democracy, thus depends on the strength of social and economic democracy, which is deeply interlinked.
So, democracy is intricately, related to the question of equality.
So, so important this conception of equality is.
is in Ambedkarís conception of democracy that he considered the lack of attention to the different aspects of equality as one of the major reasons for failures of parliamentary democracy in western country.
So, basically, the limitation of liberal democracy in western countries that Ambedkar saw or observed, he believed was because of their lack of attention to the different aspects of social equality which is necessary which is required for a political democracy to be truly effective.
So, the idea of equality not in the political or legal sense only, but also, in the social and economic sphere is equally necessary.
So, in that kind of conception, the democracy then is not merely a form of government, but also, encompasses all sphere of human life including social and economic and that leads a fraternity, a sense of fellow feeling which will strengthen the nation and leads to empowerment or also the progress of the nation.
So, he wrote parliamentary democracy developed a passion for liberty.
It never made a nodding acquaintance with equality.
It failed to realize the significance of equality and did not even endeavour to strike a balance between liberty and equality.
With the result that liberty swallowed the equality and has made democracy a name and a force.
So, in many western parliamentary mode of liberal democracy, Ambedkar identified their limitation in a sense, where they emphasize or perhaps, over emphasize on this question of liberty or individual freedom.
They do not understand or they do not recognize the equal significance of equality or perhaps, a proper balance between liberty on the one hand and equality on the other hand to have a society which would be more compassionate society which will lead to a more… powerful democracy in a political sphere and ultimately, to the strength and progress of a nation.
So, this he realized even in the western conception.
So, when he was articulating the democracy and democratic modes of governance in a post-colonial society or a society like India divided on caste, religion, sects and creed and sex, he was arguing for a kind of balance.
between equality, liberty and fraternity.
So, all the three principles are necessary or intertwined in his conception of democracy in India.
So, for him or in his conception of democracy, democracy is also linked to the practice of rationality or rational thinking or scientific outlook.
These are the basis of public debate and discussion and leads to a participatory democratic discourse.
So, his approach to the social challenges or the economic challenges or different issues related to the public and political life of a society needs to be discussed and deliberated upon through rationally or with a scientific outlook, not with some kind of prejudiced or irrational approach or superstitious approach to these concerns.
But it needs to be debated rationally or with a scientific outlook to arrive at.
a possible pragmatic solution to such challenges.
Another distinguished feature of his conception of democracy is the ethical dimension and this ethical dimension leads to the question of constitutional morality.
So, that we will discuss after we discuss his views on practices of democracy in India or practice of democracy in India and the challenges of a democratic polity or democratic culture in India.
So, the process of public debate, the process or deliberation on any issue through rational or scientific outlook require a form of ethical approach or a kind of morality which he calls or express as a constitutional morality.
So, in his conception of democracy, there is rational, scientific as well as the ethical dimension of understanding democracy not merely to solve a problem or to achieve a desired objective.
Of course, the whole structure is to achieve such ends or such objectives, but more than that, there is an agreement to a process.
to a mode through which one is committed to arrive at solution to achieve certain objectives.
So, more than achieving the objects, then the concern for adopting the method to achieve that objective is equally important that he discusses as a constitutional morality which is not innate, which need to be inculcated.
So, we will discuss it in this.
So, in his conception, then briefly to sum up.
So, the political democracy needs to be supplemented or supplemented with the social and economic democracy.
And the approach to political debate and discussion should be rational and scientific with an ethical dimension.
And only when there is a kind of balance between liberty and equality on the one hand and fraternity on the other, only then in ideal society can we.
achieved and democracy is a means and also, an end to achieve that ideal society.
Now, to talk about practice of democracy in India, for him, democracy was not a new thing in India.
It had experienced republics and it also, experienced monarchies of limited and electoral nature.
He also, gave the example of Buddhist Sanghas.
He stated that these were the representatives of modern forms of parliamentary or participatory form of governance.
But unfortunately, India had lost its democratic system or democratic spirit.
One of the main reasons for this was according to Ambedkar.
the graded hierarchy of Indian society which is caste system.
So, caste with its graded inequality and moral degeneration has killed the democratic spirit in India and how it degenerate the moral and ethical or the democratic spirit of Indians and how their morality and ethics is also, bonded to their caste or to their sect is something we have discussed in previous lecture which you can refer to.
which kills public spirit, which obstructs a common outlook because the moral and ethical concern of the individual is bonded or limited to their caste and sex.
So, with the liberal democratic constitution, democracies again sought to establish in India.
However, Ambedkar was worried about losing democracy in India for the second time too, because there is a kind of contradiction in Indian life where in politics or in legal Everyone is equal, but in social and economic sense, the inequality is widely prevailing.
So, how to maintain democracy or protect the democratic constitutional spirit in India?
So, Ambedkar offered three distinct ways through which democracy can be safeguarded in India.
First, he laid a stress upon upholding constitutional method of politics.
He held that the constitution provides enough means to address peopleís concerns and aspirations.
He did not therefore, support the adoption of unconstitutional or extra-constitutional method such as violent protest or demonstrations.
He also referred to the use of non-cooperation, civil disobedience or satyagraha as extra-constitutional methods and he regarded them as the grammar of anarchy in one of his speech in the constituent assembly while presenting the draft of the constitution.
He considered these methods of politics as extra-constitutional, uncalled for, unrequired for when there is a constitutional method available to resolve peopleís concerns and to reconcile the differences.
He considered these modes of protest or politics as grammar of anarchy and stated that sooner they are abandoned, the better it will be for the future of constitution and democracy in India.
So, the emphasis, so the democracy in India can survive only, when different groups or parties follow the constitutional method of politics and abstain or restrain from following unconstitutional or extra-constitutional modes of politics.
Secondly, he cautioned against the hero worshipping.
This is the biggest challenge for any democracy or for any democratic society where one man or a group of men are considered or empowered enough to jeopardize the whole structure of democratic governance.
And also, that may lead to a kind of authoritarianism or a kind of undemocratic rule where the citizens are treated merely as the subject or as the tool.
Whereas, democracy or democratic ways of governing or resolving conflict is to empower the individual and empowerment of individual will lead to the empowerment of society.
And the empowerment of society will ultimately, lead to the strength, ultimately, strengthen the political democracy and in the progress of nation.
So, the second challenge or the second caution that Ambedkar had was against the hero worshipping.
He considered it as a threat to the future as well as the survival of democracy in India.
He stated in India, Bhakti or what may be called the path of devotion or hero worship plays a part in its politics unequalled in magnitude by the part it plays in the politics of any other country in the world.
Now, he is making a statement or profound statement about the working of democratic politics in a society like India, where the idea is that all men are equal.
shares the same rights or has the same right.
Yet in the actual practice of politics, there is so much of hero worshipping or Bhakti to a particular leader, to a particular party that it can lead to or it can very well lead to a kind of authoritarian rule or geo-pardise, the whole structure of democratic form of governance.
And it certainly, it is a kind obstruct the formation of a culture or a political culture which is essentially democratic.
So, the focus should be on the institution or a method or a process rather than the individual or the group of individual or a party which is involved.
So, he is cautioning against this kind of hero worshipping in the politics which is unequalled in magnitude in India than it is anywhere in the world.
So, in the politics, the hero worshipping and that we see even in our contemporary times.
So, loyalty to the individual.
Rather than to the institution or to a process of governance is a challenge for our democratic structure or democratic modes of governance, where the individual or some individual or group of individual enjoy enormous power and which presents a serious threat or challenge to the democracy and its institution and also, put a threat to the individual liberty that is enshrined in such constitution.
He was cautioning against such form of hero worship which is so much pervasive in Indian politics.
He further writes that bhakti in religion may be a road to salvation of the soul.
But in politics, bhakti or hero worship is a sure road to degradation and eventual dictatorship.
So, this is the second caution he is giving for maintaining a democratic form of government or a liberal democracy in India.
For doing that, it is necessary to restrain from any kind of hero worshiping.
So, no matter how wise a person is, one should not trust or be loyal to that person.
but to the process of democracy which we have collectively adopted or agreed upon.
So, that remains the very prophetic caution that Ambedkar has given on the very foundation of or during the formation of constitution itself.
But we continue to see such kind of undemocratic or undemocratic culture in India, where the loyalty to the person or a group.
or a party considered or rewarded more than loyalty to the constitution and its institution which is for Ambedkar, surer road to degradation or may eventually, lead to dictatorship or authoritarian form of government.
Thirdly, he warned Indians not to content only with political democracy, but to equally, strive for social democracy.
This is connected to his whole conception of democracy as such.
So, political democracy cannot survive without the presence of social democracy.
And he defined social democracy in the following words which for him means a way of life which recognizes liberty, equality and fraternity as the principles of life.
So, for him, any ideal society or ideal democracy must include these principles of equality, liberty and fraternity without the one, other cannot survive.
So, this philosophy of liberty, equality and fraternity.
in his thought constitute a tripartite relationship and without the one, other cannot exist.
So, there cannot be in Ambedkarís conception, a trade-off between liberty and equality.
So, without liberty, equality has no meaning and without equality, liberty in itself is not sufficient or it cannot guarantee the success of a collective form of government such as democracy, without such form of liberties available or accessible to the people.
everyone and the two liberty and equality has no meaning unless it leads to a culture of fraternity where the compassion or the respect or recognition of dignity of everyone is also ensured.
So, in this conception of social democracy or political democracy of Ambedkar, the principle of liberty, equality, and fraternity and all of them together constitute his ideals of social and political democracy, where there cannot be a trade-off between liberty and equality or liberty and equality and fraternity.
All must go together and there should be a kind of balance between these three principles in his conception.
So, Ambedkar, very secondly, expressed the inherent contradictions of democracy in India in the following words and this he stated when he was presenting the draft constitution.
He said, we are going to enter into a life of contradictions.
In politics, we will have equality and in social and economic life, we will have inequality.
In politics, we will be recognizing the principle of one man, one vote and one vote, one value.
In our social and economic life, we shall by reason of our social and economic structure, continue to deny the principle of one man, one value.
How long shall we continue this life of contradictions?
So, this is the greatest challenge for Indian democracy according to Ambedkar where in the acknowledgement or recognition of equality that is to say one man, one vote, one vote, one value.
But in social and economic life, because of our inherent social and economic structure, we will continue to deny such principle of one man, one value.
Ambedkar is cautioning the constitution maker or the policy maker that how long Indian democracy can survive, if we continue to live in this life of contradictions.
So, sooner this contradiction is removed, the better it will be.
Now, this is a matter of debate, how far we have been successful in ensuring or strengthening social democracy in India.
So, politically, or in terms of elections or in terms of representation, we may say, we have achieved a level of democracy, there is some maturity.
But then, there are many challenges to such democracy and these fundamental contradictions of political democracy on the one hand and absence of social and economic democracy on the other is something which we have to still discuss.
ponder upon or think about.
So, for Ambedkar, in order to preserve or maintain and also, strengthen democracy in India, one need to guard it against three things basically.
First, the extra-constitutional means of politics such as non-cooperation, satyagraha or violent modes of politics.
So, the constitution or the politics must be guarded against extra-constitutional methods of politics or means of politics.
Second, hero worship or devotion to a particular leader.
The third, political democracy combined with social and economic democracy based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
So, to do some of, so for the maintenance or preservation of or safeguarding Indian democracy, one need to guard it against these three challenges or three threats to democracy in India.
Now, to discuss his views on constitutional morality, he offered an eloquent observation on the principle of constitutional morality in constituent assembly.
This was something very rarely discussed and the account of Ambedkar remained very crucial on this subject.
So, how a society which is graded in inequality or hierarchical society divided on caste, religious or sectarian lines will continue to follow a process which is enshrined in the constitution or how to make the functioning of democracy or democratic institution effective in a society which believes in different unconstitutional or even illegal practices such as untouchability and so on.
So, in such society, how a trust or a belief in the constitutional method or parliamentary method can be made effective.
So, there comes the ethical or the moral dimension.
of ensuring the success or effectiveness of a democracy which he explains through this concept of constitutional morality which is not widely discussed by then.
So, his account in this context remains very crucial.
So, in his speech on the draft constitution on 4th November 1948, Ambedkar first introduced the constitution to the assembly and then went on to invoke and discuss in details this concept of constitutional morality.
Now, while emphasizing the value of constitutional morality, he quoted George Grone and stated that the diffusion of constitutional morality not merely among the majority of any community, but throughout the whole is the indispensable condition of a government at once free and peaceable.
Since even any powerful and obstinate minority may render the working of a free institution impracticable.
without being strong enough to conquer ascendance for themselves.
So, this principle of constitutional morality is not something which should be imbibed by the majority community.
But even those in the minority or those who cannot on their own ascend to the power or acquire power can also, render this constitution or constitutional mechanism impracticable or ineffective.
So, if the principle or the process which is enshrined in the constitution is followed by them as well.
So, the diffusion or this culture of trust or belief in the constitutional process of attaining certain objectives or resolving some differences is something which should be inculcated not just by the majority community, but also, by those who are in the minorities and that is absolutely necessary.
for effective or for the strengthening of democracy and democratic rule in any society or the constitutional mechanism.
So, this imbibing of constitutional morality by every section, both majority and minority is something absolutely, indispensable for the working of constitution or for making it effective form of governance.
In defining constitutional morality, Ambedkar referred to Grote's definition again where Grote writes.
a paramount reverence for the forms of constitution enforcing obedience to authority acting under and within these forms, yet combined with the habit of open speech of action subject only to definite legal control and unrestrained censure of those very authorities as to all their public acts combined too with a perfect confidence in the bosom of every citizen amidst the bitterness of party contest and that the form of constitution will not be.
sacred in the eyes of his opponents than his own.
So, this is basically, about the faith or trust in a form or in a process which ensures free speech or which ensures that they may differ in their opinion or in their approach to certain subject or that can be subjected to some forms of legal control.
But despite of their differences or bitterness or opponents to each other, opposition to each other.
So, the both parties must consider or recognize the sacredness of the constitution or constitutional mechanism as it is there in the opponent.
So, this belief in the form or in the process of resolving conflict or attaining objective, which is the constitutional mechanism is something, which is absolutely, necessary for the constitutional morality to emerge.
So, the emphasis here is again, both by those who enjoy authority or those who are in the opponents.
to the sacredness of the institution or the process.
So, here again, one can connect it to the question of hero worshipping or individual.
So, in the democratic functioning or the role of constitution and constitutional mechanism is to ensure the sanctity or the sacredness of the mechanism or the process in the eyes of both those who are in the power, those who are in the authority or those who are questioning that authority or opposing that authority.
for both of them the sacredness or the sanctity of the constitution and process should be equally respected or recognized.
So, to look at Ambedkarís views on constitutional morality which can be interpreted in multiple ways, there are two popular uses of the term.
Firstly, it means being governed by the substantive morality of the constitution that is to abide by the constitutional mechanism.
convention and protocols, then this is the question of proprietorship or a kind of discretion, which follow the convention and protocols in grey areas of decision making process.
So, where constitution is silent or ambiguous in such moments or on such occasions, there has to be a guide by following certain convention and protocol which strengthen or which guide empower the constitutional morality where it is not explicitly clear.
Ambedkar was more concerned about the second usage of the term.
So, in similar line with the groan, Ambedkar also held that constitutional morality is not commonly observed.
So, it is not automatic, it is not naturally available in any society or any community.
It has to be constantly or continuously, nurtured.
So, it is not natural, but something that needs to be cultivated.
So, the constitutional morality is absolutely necessary for a society.
So, for Grote, constitutional morality primarily, referred to freedom and self-restraint.
Freedom is to express or articulate oneís position or approach to politics in a particular way and they may differ from the other groups or other organization.
But also, the self-restraint that is to abide by a commonly agreed process or the mechanism which is there in the constitution.
So, freedom is guaranteed by the practice of self-restraint.
So, it is not mutually exclusive.
So, therefore, the presence of constitutional morality in this sense totally, wipes out the presence of revolutionary politics or revolutionary methods of politics.
Ambedkar follows Grodd when he rules out the practices or politics of unconstitutional methods.
So, Ambedkar criticizes the use of a vast range of political actions including satyagraha or non-cooperation or many modes of Gandhian politics.
in the independent India.
However, those methods were very popular during the anti-colonial struggle or the freedom struggle.
These are criticized for being incompatible with the observance of the constitutional morality.
So, for Ambedkar, such modes of extra-constitutional politics is a grammar of anarchy and it weakens the constitution and constitutional morality in the country.
And therefore, he wanted or he cautioned the political leaders and parties to abdicate or refrain from using such extra constitutional modes of politics.
This indicates his emphasis on self-restraint as a component of constitutional morality.
So, constitutional morality is not just about the freedom or the autonomy to conduct one politics or to develop certain articulation of political or social issues, but also, to abide by, restrained by the mechanism or the process which is already available or enshrined in the constitution.
Another important element of constitutional morality is the recognition of plurality and management and adjudication of differences remains crucial in this understanding of constitutional morality where there is no one point of view or homogeneity about or homogeneous approach to politics, to society or to certain policy issue.
Those differences are recognized, acknowledged and respected.
However, how to resolve such differences or reconcile such differences is something which can be done or arbitrated through the constitutional morality.
So, the nonviolent resolution of problems of differences demand the existence of a congruent constitutional process which can and should arbitrate these differences.
These processes may be entailed in the practices of parliament and courts and therefore, constitutional morality demands the obedience of these.
institutions or a mechanism or a process through which differences or the conflict or contradictions in society or in opinions can be arbitrated or reconciled.
So, the freedom, the autonomy to articulate one's opinion and differ from each other is perfectly, if or accepted, acknowledged if they abide by a particular mechanism or process.
which should be abiding for everyone or different parties or groups having difference of opinion.
So, what it actually says that people may not be content with the substance or outcomes of these processes.
What constitutional morality demands is that their allegiance to the form or the processes of adjudication and not necessary to the outcomes.
The constitutional morality focuses therefore, on the mechanism.
or the forms or the processes of achieving certain objectives or attainment of certain objectives or formulating or implementing certain policies.
So, people are entitled to not to be content with the outcomes of a policy, but they must abide by the constitutional process and that is the demand of the constitutional moralities, not about what is the outcome or what is the result of this process on which people or groups may differ, but they must.
abide or show allegiance to the forms and the process of adjudication.
So, constitutional morality is skeptical of any personification of authority.
Therefore, the process, the forms matters more than the individual or the personality.
So, this is related to the claim of popular sovereignty.
It does not matter how popular one's authority is, constitutional morality forever questions its claim to singularly representing the will of the people.
Thus, the question of representation is one critical element that constitutional morality delivers.
So, no group, no individual can claim in itself that it singularly represents the popular will or the will of the people that can be contested within the.
restraints of the constitutional mechanism or constitutional morality.
So, constitutional morality deals with the question of popular sovereignty as well where there may be some groups or individual claiming that they and they alone represent the will of the people.
But within the structure or the premise of constitutional morality, there are the spaces for contestation of such claims.
But those who are claiming or those who are contesting.
both must abide themselves within the mechanism which is the constitutional mechanism and that is the demand of constitutional morality.
So, constitutional morality is more realized by the observance of the processes of doing certain things and not really, by the things themselves or the objectives of doing those.
So, the emphasis is on the form or the processes of working and not the outcome or the consequences.
of such working on which people or group may differ.
So, constitutional morality allows the growth of a constitutional culture which is abstract and based on cooperation and which needs to be inculcated or strengthened.
This is the process which helps individuals to surpass their immediate identity and adhere to a shared process of adjudications despite all the differences, they all become part of a common culture.
a common culture or a unified culture or sense of self, there is a need to surpass or transcend oneís immediate identity be it caste, religion and so on and so forth.
So, he recognized caste in this context put an inherent threat to constitutional morality because it prevents surpassing or transcending these immediate identities of birth or the descriptive identity of caste.
So, working as a tool of divide.
Caste does not allow the formation of a common deliberative culture that is based on equality.
It is therefore, biggest impediments or what he calls anti-national in India in the formation and development of constitutional morality.
So, caste or caste system is the greatest impediments because it reduces the individual worth to his or her caste status and does not really help in creating an equal society or egalitarian society.
So, that is the biggest challenge for the emergence of constitutional morality in a country like India.
So, to conclude his thought or to his arguments on liberal democracy or constitutional morality and also, what we have discussed his views on caste, we can take it from the linear Gilead assessment of Ambedkar as the performer of three roles.
one as the caste leader where he is representing the concern of Mahar, spokesperson of the untouchables and also, as a national statesman.
So, you may find in contemporary discourse on Ambedkar that all the parties and this I will come to discuss in a minute.
But there is a kind of segregation of Ambedkar merely, as a caste leader or the spokesperson of the untouchables and very less and less on the Ambedkar as a national leader or as a democratic or a kind of all India or nationalist person.
So, many parties and groups may question Ambedkar and his politics during his time.
But in contemporary times, certainly, the re-emergence of Ambedkar gives us a different picture of Ambedkar which I will discuss.
So, we can find in him three kinds of roles as a caste leader, as a spokesperson of untouchables and also as a national leader.
So, as the caste leader, Ambedkar was the guide.
and decision maker of the Maharshi communities.
In his second role, he was the spokesperson of the untouchables and negotiated with all the organizations and government for the protection or for safeguarding their interest.
As a national leader or statesman, he played a critical role in making or drafting of the constitution and therefore, Ambedkar is also regarded as the modern Manu or the law giver of modern India.
So, he is also regarded in that role as a national statesman or a national leader and not merely as a caste leader or a leader a spokesperson of the untouchables.
So, in playing all the three roles, Ambedkar has also found himself not satisfied with the many developments that was taking place or unfolding in post-independent India.
And he was very unhappy with the Hindu religion or he therefore, converted to Buddhism.
And for a very long time since 1930s as we have discussed, he distanced himself from gradually develop a sense of loss.
of all hope in the reforming or reformation of Hindu society.
And especially, after the debacle of Hindu court bill, he resigned from the law ministership and also, gradually, turned to Buddhism or Buddha.
So, he was often, warned by the circumstantial limitations and this limited the realization of many of his objectives such as Hindu court bill or creating a society or a culture which would be.
based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
So, he experienced and he was in many ways, unsatisfied with the developments in the post-independent politics in India, especially, after the Hindu code will controversy.
So, however, he played a very significant role in not just drafting the constitution, but also, showing a way forward.
to construct a unified or common culture for future India.
So, to maintain such common or united India, he wrote that I do not want that our loyalty as Indians should be in the slightest way affected by any competitive loyalty, whether that loyalty arises out of our religion, out of our culture, out of our language.
I want all people to be Indians first, Indian last.
and nothing else but Indian.
So, that is the emphasis or significance of fraternity in his political philosophy, where he wanted.
So, in Indian identity or Indian modern self-hood, you may have come across that there is this kind of duality in terms of one being a Bengali, then an Indian or a Bihari, then an Indian or a Marathi, then an Indian or similarly, on the basis of language or religion or maybe the caste.
But in Ambedkar conception of modern Indian.
one needs to consider oneself first and last as an Indian and there is no slightest duality in terms of loyalty towards India.
So, that kind of fellow feeling or creation of a society which treats everyone equally without any division of loyalty towards different caste, culture, language and religion is something which Ambedkar believed.
will lead to a kind of ideal society or a ideal culture, where democracy will penetrate or transform not just the political sphere, but also, the social and economic sphere in the country and that will lead to the progress of the nation as well.
In the words of one of the political scientists, Christoph Zafferlund, he writes about America that certainly, he obtained major concessions from the British by collaborating with them, including a new policy of positive discriminations.
in favour of the untouchables.
And his politics made an impact during the constitutional debates when he gained more concessions for the Dalits and succeeded in marginalizing some Gandhian propositions.
But he did not get the separate electorate he wanted for the schedule caste.
He failed to have concrete social reforms adopted such as the Hindu Code Bill and he was not able to establish a party representing the interest of untouchables.
of the untouchables of India as a whole.
So, there are many achievements in Ambedkar or through Ambedkar politics, but there are certain limitations also in his politics which we have discussed in our previous lecture as well.
And so, this is a kind of comprehensive or kind of overall assessment of Ambedkar not just as a thinker, but also, as a political activist and his achievements and limitations in Christophe Jaffer Lede.
However, despite such limitation in fulfilling many of his ideals in practice, Ambedkar established a legacy and that legacy is more important than what he has achieved.
And certainly, in the revival of contemporary interest in Ambedkar and his thought signifies such legacy of Ambedkar.
Never before the equalities was that was practiced for generation, it was never before so radically condemned or criticized.
He in fact, made untouchability or caste exploitation.
a national priority and it has global repercussions also.
So, he used different platforms or organizations or mechanism to make this issue of untouchability or the caste exploitation a national priority, a major political issue in the political development in India.
So, in criticizing these inequalities, he simultaneously, presented an alternative vision of social organization.
which is democratic and based on the principle of liberty, equality and fraternity.
This made Ambedkar one of the most inspiring and visionary thinkers of modern India and that is perhaps, his greatest contribution.
So, Ambedkar in his lifetime was critical of not just congress and the Gandhian politics, but he was equally, critical of socialist and the communist modes of politics.
He was also, critical of the right wing Hindutva politics certainly, as Hindu Mahasabha.
or their conception of Hindu Rastri.
He was very critical of such revivalist politics.
But nonetheless, his foresightedness or his vision was so relevant that when he is attacking many of the evil practices or the inequalities and that is remarkable.
So, prior to that, as I was saying that there is many reforms movements, social reforms movements in modern India and also, in pre-modern India such as Buddhism or during the Bhakti and Sufi movement.
But for them, the struggle or fight was for religious equality or treating everyone equally in the eyes of god or fighting for the religious equality.
But for the first time, Ambedkar was aspiring for fighting for equality in the social, economic and the political sphere also.
And there, he had alternative vision for egalitarian society or a culture which would be more democratic or founded on the constitutional.
principle of liberty, equality and fraternity and not divided on the basis of caste or any kind of descriptive identity.
And therefore, in modern times, you find the critique of Ambedkarís and to whom Ambedkarís criticized very strongly are competing with each other to adopt the legacy and thought of Ambedkar in today.
And in many ways, the millions of Dalits who consider him as an icon or as a liberator.
is also, helpful in re-establishing Ambedkar as one of the most influential thinkers of modern India.
In contemporary politics, perhaps, Ambedkar and his ideas are relevant more than he was during his time or after few decades, few decades after the independence.
So, there is a kind of gradual emergence of Ambedkar as an all India thinker and not merely as a caste leader or as a spokesperson of untouchables and that is something which we need to engage more and more with Ambedkar and his thought.
On his thought, this lecture, you can refer to some of the stakes like Sources of Indian Tradition and Ambedkar and the Future of Indian Democracy by Jindre Jain and also, Political Thought in Modern India by Pantham and Deutch.
Ramchandra Guha also, some excerpts from Ambedkar and his speech will be very helpful to understand his vision of democracy and also, constitutional morality which you should and must refer to.
So, Political Philosophy of Dr. B. R. Ambedkar by A. M. Rajasekharaiya and him Lata Jaira is also, something you can look at and certainly, this text by Pratap Bhanumeta will help you to understand his.
conception or also Ambedkarís conception of constitutional morality and also, the concept of constitutional morality in general.
So, these books, you can refer to his views or to understand his views on democracy and constitutional morality.
So, thanks.
I hope you enjoyed the lecture.
Thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Hello Hello and welcome friends to this last and concluding lecture for this course on Introduction to Modern Indian Political Thought.
And in this lecture today, what we are going to do is not to look at a particular thinker and some of the key themes that we have been doing for many thinkers in this course.
And this course basically, one of the possible directions of doing research in modern political thought in contemporary times that I have been talking about throughout this course.
course is to look at certain themes and through that themes, try to connect or try to study the thinkers in the comparative perspective.
So, today in this lecture, what we are going to do is to first discuss basically the reason why we should study political thought, how it can contribute in helping us understand a society or the polity in a better manner and also, the difference between political theory and political thought.
And then, we will focus on certain key themes which are common to many thinkers.
And then, we will try to analyze, try to study how they have different position or articulation on certain themes.
So, be it religion and politics, nation or cosmopolitanism, caste and gender, socialism or democracy or secularism.
So, around these themes, how different thinkers.
develop their understanding and how they differ from each other.
So, in that way, we are going to conclude this course by looking at certain key themes which are common to many thinkers.
And then finally, we will conclude by looking at the possible direction of doing research or doing further studies on modern Indian political thought in a way of assessing or also, explaining the reason for inclusion and exclusion of certain thinkers.
from this course.
So, the first thing that we need to examine or to understand is why to study modern Indian political thought.
So, first reason for doing modern Indian political thought or political thought in any society for that manner is to understand and interpret Indian society and politics in a better manner.
So, if we study the political thought of modern India and the closer engagement or critical engagement with the modern Indian political will enable us to understand the society and politics of contemporary India in a better manner.
The second is that through these thinkers, we can also understand the past two centuries of Indian history, its various ups and downs as seen and interpreted by the men and women who themselves helped shape and define these.
most interesting period of Indian history.
So, the ideas or the themes that we have discussed in this course and the thinkers that we have included were someone who were deeply involved in the active politics of their time.
And they were also, thinking about the future of India and also, reflecting upon the various challenges that India was facing.
So, by engaging with the thoughts and ideas of these thinkers, we can possibly understand the two centuries of modern Indian history through the eyes or through the views of them who themselves helped shape those interesting period of modern Indian history.
These thinkers were not someone just reflecting or contemplating about social and political challenges of India.
They were themselves embedded in the politics of their time and that activism and also, reflection upon those activism and the challenges that the country and the world as a whole was facing.
will make their contribution even more interesting and fascinating to engage with, to understand or to critically, evaluate as well.
So, what we also find in many of these thinkers that their ideas and thoughts emerged in a context where India was ruled by the British.
And their ideas emerged in the context of colonialism in response to the orientalist thinking.
So, as one of the objectives of this course is also to think about the concepts, ideas and methods which is not obsessed with the Eurocentric views, concepts and methods.
But to think about new concepts or methods to understand the society in a better way, to explain and interpret it various challenges in the better way without relying exclusively on the Eurocentric concepts and methods.
So, these thinkers trying to think through various problems and challenges in the context of orientalist challenge during the colonial rule in India.
And they have a kind of metaphysical and epistemological assumption that differs sharply from the West.
So, on the nature of individual role in the society, role of religion in the politics, what should be the objective of human life, how to lead a good life, how to constitute a desired nation or state and what should be the role of state and what should be the contribution of society, community in helping individual realizing the objective of his or her life.
So, to understand these questions and try to provide answer or the appropriate response to this orientalist challenges that there is no thought, there is no philosophy, there is no scientific approach in thinking about what they call the eminent world.
So for many orientalist writers and scholars, Indian philosophy is more esoteric and thinking or reflecting about otherworldly, metaphysical kind of life.
These thinkers were trying to to such challenges to establish or assert the thinking about the modern contemporary or material life and how Indian thought about those immanent or material social political life as well.
In doing that, they have a metaphysical and epistemological assumption which is sharply different from the metaphysical or the epistemological assumption of the West talking about individual or society or the relationship between individual and society or society and state or individual and the state in a very different manner that we have in the Western political thought.
To understand these things, to understand the society better, to understand how modern Indian political thought emerged in a context of colonialism.
and in response to the orientalist challenges and also, to see the unfolding of two centuries of modern Indian history through the eyes or through the views of those who themselves helped shape such unfolding or such processes.
Indian political thought and closer engagement with the Indian political thought will help us to understand these things in a better manner.
The second point that I want to discuss is some of you have asked these questions also.
the difference between theory and thought.
So, there is no as such hard and fast water tight compartment between political theory on the one hand and political thought on the other hand.
You will find many concepts or ideas overlapping between these two sub-disciplines of politics because essentially, both of them are talking about the politics in a society or in a country.
So, however, one can make an analytical distinction between political theory on the one hand and political thought on the other.
So, what we find in political theory is a kind of broader or systematic and generalized statements that help in understanding or explaining politics in a country or a society.
For example, through the concepts like freedom, equality, democracy or justice, these are concepts and they have their own connotations or conceptualization.
Now, by understanding these concepts, we try to understand or explain the politics of any society.
So, whether that society or politics in that society is a democratic or not, we can understand or explain better if you understand this concept of democracy first or so is the case with the concepts like liberalism.
freedom or equality, justice, so on and so forth.
So, basically, political theory enables you, provide us the concept through which we try to understand or explain the politics in a society or a country.
So, it is a more broader or generalized statement about politics in a country or a society.
Now, in comparison to that, political thought is more limited or narrow to the individual or group of individuals.
Political thought is narrow and limited articulation or reflection upon, these articulation and reflection is done usually, by an individual or a group of individuals.
So, for example, in this course, we have selected few thinkers and through them, we try to understand some key concepts or key themes and which is representative of modern Indian political thinking.
So, these themes, we have tried to understand.
through the writings of some of the key thinkers of modern India.
So, political thought in comparison to political theory is considered to be narrow and limited in a sense which is about the reflection or articulation of an individual or a group of individual about the structure and functioning of politics in any society.
So, that is a kind of analytical conceptual distinction one can make between political theory and thought, but both are overlapping.
in more than one ways also.
So, for a very long time, political theory for its concepts and ideas was dependent on political thought.
So, whether it is a concept of democracy, equality, freedom, justice, state, sovereignty, all these concepts and ideas are derived from the political thought.
So, one cannot really make a kind of clear cut, watertight compartmentalization between political theory and thought.
they overlap more often and essential feature of both is to understand, explain and interpret politics in a society or a country also.
So, in Indian political thought with closer engagement with Indian political thought, we can also find that it enables or it is conducive for the growth of Indian political theory as well.
So, political theory in India.
or while explaining about politics in India, there is still excessive reliance on Eurocentric views, concepts, and methods.
And this is my proposition, by closure or critical engagement with modern political theory, we can derive or we can develop certain vocabulary, concepts, and methods to explain or understand Indian society and politics in a more comprehensive manner.
So, now, if you look at the major concerns of modern Indian political thinkers, they were trying to combine or trying to harmonize between or among the contradictory forces in the society as well.
So, their concern was to harmonize between national unity and religious diversity or even discord.
So, for most of the Indian political thinkers.
Their concern was how to reconcile or harmonize between these contradictory forces of national unity or fighting for national liberation on the one hand and the religious acrimony or religious divide that was there throughout the anti-colonial struggle as well.
So, the major concern for these thinkers was to harmonize or reconcile between national unity on the one hand and religious diversity or even discord on the other.
The other concern, advancements of rights.
of the lower caste and women were largely excluded and marginalized in Indian society as well as in the polity too.
And this struggle for participation of women and the lower caste in the politics of our country is still going on and there are numerous struggle going on for the advancement of rights of lower caste and women.
And the other concerns were like individual freedom on the one hand which is basis of all creativity and progress and the social equity.
So, the imagination of individual is very different.
Of course, there are many differences within or among the modern Indian political thinkers.
But largely, if we compare it with the western conceptualization of individual in the society, certainly, like in Aurobindo, Iqbal, Gandhi and many others, the individual is embedded in the society or community.
So, to reconcile and again, harmonize between the individual freedom on the one hand and social equity on the other hand was also, the major concern of these thinkers.
Again, the material prosperity and spiritual accomplishment in nationalist ideals and global approach on the other is some of the major concerns which these thinkers were trying to engage with or deal with in their reflection and articulation about society and politics.
of modern India.
So, other features of modern Indian thinkers were that many of them, several Indian political thinkers had the whole of humanity and not just the Indian as their audience.
So, they were transcending the limits of not just caste, class, reason, language, nation or nationalism.
Of course, many of them were actively involved in the anti-colonial struggle and wanted independence for India.
But for many of them, the world as a whole was their audience and certainly, for thinkers like Iqbal or Aurobindo Nath Tagore, to a great extent, Gandhi or Jawaharlal Nehru and also, Aurobindo Ghosh, they were trying to situate or trying to relate to or respond to the global problems as well.
So, for them, the audience is then not just the audience.
is not to keep India isolated or elude from the rest of the world.
Even during the time of anti-colonial struggle, many thinkers were engaged with say, in Tagore, we have seen how he emphasized on human unity or Arvind Ogho is talking about or providing the theoretical basis for a kind of non-European thinking about organizing the world polity in a very different way.
So, these thinkers or especially, Gandhi, Nehru and Congress talking about liberation movement in parts of Asia and Africa and extending the solidarity to their anti-colonial struggle as well.
So, for many of them, the role of India is not just about ensuring its own independence from the imperial rule of the British, but also, to extend its solidarity to the African or Asian countries fighting their colonizers or imperial rule in their countries and to help in democratizing the whole world or in bringing about peace, harmony, and stability in the world as a whole.
So, for them, their concern or ideas were not limited to India alone.
it transcended the limits or the boundary of a nation or nationality.
Now, in these thinkers, we also find or this is merely for the analytical purpose to divide them broadly among the three kinds of thinkers.
The first among those were the thinkers who favored imitative reproduction of the modern Western modes of political thinking.
action and organization.
So, there was the modernizing elite who wanted to modernize India to work for its economic development, to organize it politically, according along with modern line.
And they wanted to do it by imitating the concepts, ideas or political thinking or organization from the modern waste.
So, they were someone who wanted to reproduce by imitating the ideas, concepts and political thinking from the modern West.
In second group of thinkers, we find there is many who believed and attempted to create a blending of traditional Indian and modern Western paradigms of politics.
So, in their thinking and thought, we will find the blending of modern Western political thinking on the one hand and deeper engagement with the classical tradition.
of Indian thinking and ideas on the other.
So, there is a kind of combination of tradition and modernity in their thought.
Gandhi can be one of such thinkers, certainly, Tagore and also, or Windu can be regarded as thinkers who were trying to blend this modern western thinking with the traditional thinking as well.
In the second group of thinkers who believed in the revival of and admiration of Indian classical traditions of social, political thought and ideas.
Now, for analytical purpose, we can broadly, divide modern Indian political thinkers basically, into three groups.
So, one group of thinkers favored a kind of imitative reproduction of modern Western modes of political thinking, action and organization.
So, these were the modernizing elite who were convinced or believed in the modern ideals of polity, economy, progress.
or development and they wanted to reproduce these ideas by blindly or by imitating the ideals of the modernist and modes of their thinking.
Now, in the second group of thinkers, we find they were someone who believed in the revival of an admiration for India's classical tradition of social political thought and ideas.
So, I have discussed about Rabindranath Tagore and how he was trying to articulate.
The reason for India's degeneration is that we have lost the connect with our inner self.
Similarly, in the thoughts of Vivekananda or Aurobindo or even to some extent, Gandhi and Iqbal and many others, they were trying to revive or admire the political thinking or social and political ideals that was there in the classical tradition of India and they wanted to revive such.
Even Jawaharlal Nehru, when we discussed the discovery of India.
So, in him, there is a kind of blending of modern western thinking which is a kind of third group of thinkers who attempted to create a blending of traditional Indian and the modern western paradigm of politics.
So, in their thought and thinking, we will find a kind of blending or combination of tradition and modernity.
Now, in the rest part of the lecture, we are going to discuss some of the common themes and how different thinkers have articulated about these themes.
So, first major theme.
So, for many of these thinkers was the idea of religion and how it is related to politics.
So, religion and politics, so in the political thought of Ram Mohan Roy, Gandhi, Tagore, Vivekananda, Iqbal, Savarkar and many others, we see how their thought was deeply intertwined with the idea of religion.
So, they differ from each other about them.
understanding of religion and also, the role of religion in the politics.
But nonetheless, religion remains a deeply embedded concept in their social and political thought.
So, in Ram Mohan Roy, to begin with, what we find is a kind of scientific and rational approach to religion.
And that scientific and rational approach towards religion allowed many thinkers following Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
to fight many dogmas, irrational practices and superstitions that was carried out in the name of religion.
So, various social and religious reforms movement in the early 19th century or throughout the 20th century in India is a kind of result of such kind of approach to religion.
Ram Mohan Roy interestingly also equated religious rites or protection of religious rights as necessary as protection of civil and political rights.
So, in many of his memorandums, as we have discussed, we find him defending the religious rights of the individual and community as well and challenging or criticizing the Christian missionary and the conversion carried out by the missionaries as well.
In Gandhi, Tagore and Vivekananda, we can find a kind of practical and pragmatic approach to religion which is a kind of liberal interpretation based on the inclusion or accommodative principles of others.
Now, in the thoughts of Iqbal and Savarkar, certainly, in Iqbal, we find the role of religion and using religion as a basis for articulation of nation or pan-Islamic thought as well as in Iqbal.
Similarly, in Savarkar, we find the idea of Hindu nation or Hindutva based on the religious practices of a particular community in that.
So, there is a kind of scientific rational approach to religion towards to more a kind of flexible, inclusive and accommodative understanding of religion and its role in the polity to a more exclusionary kind of understanding or interpretation of religion as we find in Iqbal and Savarkar.
For different thinkers, there is a kind of different approach to the religion and politics which we have discussed.
But the dominant understanding or the major articulation of the rule of religion in politics certainly, through the thought thinking of Gandhi, Tagore, even Aurobindo Ghosh or Vivekananda, they thought of religion as something which enables the individual.
as well as the society to harmonize, to attain peace or to realize its own true nature.
So, in the thought of Aurobindo Ghosh, we have seen how he articulated the role of religion in the life of individual and also, in the community life as well.
The other major theme is the notion of Hinduism and Hindutva.
For modern Indian thinkers.
they have a very liberal, inclusive and pragmatic interpretation of Hinduism which is accommodative of other.
So, the interpretation of Hinduism in Gandhi, Tagore or Aurobindo or even Vivekananda is very different from the articulation of Hindutva as it is done by Savarkar which is a more exclusionary kind of articulation and that articulation or exclusionary ideals which articulated as Hindutva becomes a kind of political ideology which is very distinct from this liberal inclusive kind of Hinduism as interpreted by say, Aurobindo, Gandhi or Vivekananda.
His ideals of Hindutva was very distinct from such articulation and for him, Hindustan is both as the fatherland and the holy land, this we have discussed and that understanding becomes the basis.
of Hindu nationalism.
So, in these thinkers, the Hinduism and Hindutva also becomes the major theme in their social and political thinking.
And there again, we also find a kind of variety of approach to understand Hinduism or interpret it and use it as the basis for forming a kind of exclusionary ideals or identity like Hindutva as done by Savarkar.
The other themes that is dominant in the political thought of many thinkers is the idea of secularism.
So, what should be the nature of state?
Should it be a secular state or a theocratic state?
And as we have seen, the emergence of modern Indian political thought is about reforming the society and the religious practices in India and that led to a kind of mobilization.
around the issue of religion, caste, language and so on and so forth.
So, the identity on the basis of religion or say caste or language or religion is something dominant in Indian politics.
Now, in such a context, they articulated the nature of state which should not be having any religion of its own.
So, there is a kind of...
tripartite approach towards religion where there is a kind of Hindu nationalism approach which want to assert and define India as a Hindu nation.
On the other hand, you have the Muslim separatist approach, we promoted the idea of two nation theory.
Separate to these two is the ideals of Gandhi and Nehru who talked about a secular India where state has nothing to do with religion or it maintains a kind of equidistance.
or a kind of neutrality from all religion or provide protection or equal respect to all religion.
So, in the thoughts of Gandhi, Nehru, Tagore and many other thinkers, we find the ideals of secularism which talks about religious pluralism, tolerance and accommodation, equal respect for all religions and also, protection of minority rights that is there in Indian constitution.
So, one can find there is a kind of difference between Gandhian ideals of say, the religion and its role in the polity or Nehruvian understanding of religion and its role in the polity, very wanted to make it a kind of separation between these two domains of religion and politics.
But for Gandhi, there is a role of religion in the public political life as well.
So, Nehru talks about a separate domain of religion and politics, but they have nonetheless said.
this ideal of secularism as the defining feature of Indian state.
The other theme in modern Indian thinkers are self and community.
So in the thoughts of Aurobindo, Tagore, Gandhi and Iqbal, we find the focus on individual or individual self as reflection of divine or the activities of individual.
Their ultimate objective is to realize his or her true self.
And that realization of true self requires the individual to connect it with the say universal man or universal self as in the thought of Tagore, Aurobindo and many other modern Indian thinkers which they thought of individual self as the part of larger self or the universal man or universal self.
So, this connection of individual soul to the larger universal soul or self is something very unique to modern Indian political thinkers.
And therefore, in their understanding of individual, individual is not confined to his or her biological being.
But it extends towards the spiritual side of the human existence on the one hand and the social and the community life on the other hand.
So, many of these thinkers also thought about the role of community in the realization of true ideals of the individual.
So, and for many of these thinkers, as we have discussed in Gandhian ideals of oceanic circle, so there is the kind of interdependence of self-realization.
and the community where individual is regarded as the basis of all progress and creativity.
So, even when the individual is embedded in the collective life of community, he or she has the freedom to excel his own or her own skill and develop his or her own creativity and contribute in the larger life of the society and community also.
So, for many of the modern Indian thinkers, the idea of self and community remains one of the theme.
The idea of nationalism again is something very important for many modern Indian thinkers and they differ from each other as well.
So, for someone like Aurobindo, nation is a kind of divine mother.
As a prophet of Indian nationalism, as Aurobindo is regarded by many scholars, he conceptualized India or Indian nation as a divine mother.
So, from that kind of understanding you have the secular nationalism as in the thought of Gandhi, Nehru and Congress to a religious conceptualization of nation and nationalism as in the thought of Savarkar or Iqbal or many other Muslim separatist leader.
In comparison to that kind of secular or religious nationalism, you also have ideals of Swaraj which is much broader and bigger than the idea of mere political independence.
It is about the self-rule and self-rule is the ability.
to govern oneself.
So, the anti-colonial movement for national liberation from the British rule and in that process, the ideals of Suraj in not just political sphere, but also, in social, economic and individual sphere is something which is very crucial to understand the complexities of thinking or theorization about nationalism.
We also, have critique of nationalism when the ideals of nation or nationalism.
was shaping the thinking of many modern Indian thinkers.
So, most importantly, in the thoughts of Tagore, we have discussed how for Tagore, he is not just against a form of nationalism, but the very ideals of nationalism which for him is obstructing the unity between and among the nations.
So, instead of mutual love or trust, it is based on selfish interest and develop mistrust among communities or among the nations.
So, therefore, in Tagore, you have the strong critique of the very ideals of nationalism and ideals of nationalism was thinking the thoughts of a separatist or secular nationalist like Gandhi and Nehru.
Similarly, in Iqbal, as we have discussed, he was thinking about nation or theorizing it on the basis of Islam and yet, he developed a critique of any kind of nationalism and thought about Pan-Islamism or developed a critique of territorial definition of nation and nationalism also.
So, in many modern Indian political thinkers, we have seen and discussed how they have different approach or understanding about nationalism.
Also, on cosmopolitanism and internationalism, we see in the thinking of Tagore, Gandhi, Aurobindo and Iqbal, also, Nehru.
The ideals of nation in combination with the global politics or the international and cosmopolitan approach in their thought and thinking and this is part of the ideals of Vasudha Kutumbakam which is there in.
contemplative or a kind of abstract theorization of cosmopolitanism, Tagore argued about a kind of practical approach to cosmopolitanism which is rooted in its own tradition, culture or sensibility and yet, open to relate or learn from other cultures, histories and traditions.
So, that dialogue or the unity between and among different particularities that Tagore That is what championed by Tagore and thinking about cosmopolitanism as a way of being in the world, not merely a kind of contemplative or theoretical exercise as argued by many other scholars also.
In the thoughts of Iqbal, we also find a kind of religious basis of cosmopolitan thought, so is in the thought of Aurobindo Ghosh.
Nehru and Gandhi very interestingly, combined the nationalism with internationalism.
India to play an effective role in the global politics, it needs to first attain its independence.
So, for Gandhi and Nehru, they did not limit the aspiration of Indian people merely to political independence.
But for them, political independence is as necessary as India's role in the global politics.
So, in Nehru and Gandhi, we find a kind of combination of nationalism and internationalism in the thought of Tagore.
Arvindu, Iqbal, we see the idea of cosmopolitanism.
So, that also, makes something very interesting about modern Indian political thinkers.
Now, on ideas of democracy, they thought about democracy in a very distinctive way which was more sensible or rooted or embedded in the Indian context as well.
So, they were not just thinking about legal and political democracy.
ensure that everyone is equal and they have equal opportunity in the political process of their country.
Many of the thinkers certainly, in Ambedkar, we have seen how he put equal emphasis to the social and economic democracy as well.
So, it is not just enough to have a political democracy, but to sustain that political and legal democracy, there is a need for social and economic democracy as well.
And throughout the nationalist movement, we see a kind of of contestation between political, those who were arguing for the political reforms or political independence first and those who were thinking about social equality and contesting or fighting against the social hierarchy on the other hand, throughout the national movement.
So, Ambedkar and many other thinkers talking about the social reforms, social equality and the congress and many other thinkers talking about political liberation from the British rule first and then we can think about social reforms.
So, in Indian thinkers, their conceptualization of democracy does talk about social and economic democracy as well along with legal and political democracy.
Now, there is a kind of understanding about the role of state where we find in the ideas of Ambedkar and Nehru, a kind of strong support for an interventionist state.
So, for them to regulate a society like India governed by so many irrational practices, rituals or superstitions, there is a need of a strong and interventionist state to modernize the society and polity of India.
for a strong and interventionist state.
Now, in contrast to that kind of idea, in the ideals of say, Gandhi and also, Ram Manohar Lohia, we find a kind of decentralized understanding of democracy where power flows from bottom up rather than top down.
Again on constitutional morality in the thoughts of Ambedkar, we have discussed.
how he argued that the constitutional morality is something which we need to nurture.
It is not given or we do not have this culture because we have a constitution.
So, he wanted Indians to forgo certain method of politics which he considered as the grammar of anarchy such as Satyagraha or any means of politics which is extra constitutional.
So, constitutional morality is something which is also important.
very fascinating to think about understanding or to engage with understanding of democracy in the thoughts and thinking of many modern Indian thinkers.
Again on socialism, we find Lohia arguing for a distinct Indian brand of socialism which is different from both capitalism or communism and also, any other isms.
So, democratic socialism and so on and so forth and he wanted to conceptualize.
a very distinct or innovative understanding of socialism which is very distinct from its experience in the Europe.
And he was very critical of such Eurocentrism while thinking about socialism.
And Panch Madhi's speech that we have discussed is very crucial to understand Lohiaís brand of socialism.
His idea of Sabta Kranti and four pillar state which is also considered as Chowkamba Raj is a kind of combination of Gandhian ideals and also, the socialist ideals also, where he talks about decentralized form of democracy.
the innovative ideals of socialism that we have in modern Indian political thought.
Now, gender and caste is something which dominates the thinking of most of the modern Indian thinkers.
But what we also find is a kind of distinction between those who wanted to reform caste from those who wanted to annihilate the caste such as Ambedkar also.
So, this debate over caste.
and how it prevents social equality and obstruct equal participation in the political process is something which most of the modern Indian political thinkers thought about.
But we can broadly divide them between those who wanted to reform the caste and those who wanted to annihilate the caste.
In Ramabai and Lohia, we also find the equal emphasis on the men and women.
equality as well.
So, in the thought of Gandhi and many other modern Indian thinkers.
Again on the issue of language, most importantly, in Ramanuja but we also find in Raja Ram Mohan Roy, when he was talking about translating the classical Sanskrit text into the vernacular language and Gandhi championing the cause of Hindi or Hindustani.
Similarly, many other modern Indian thinkers, the issue of language remains very important.
Ramanuja Lahiya himself championed the cause of Angreji Hathav.
So, Banish English movement or Angreji Hathav movement for Lahiya is not against a language per se, but the status or the privilege that is associated with a language.
So, for him, the English language enables a kind of privilege for a few who can speak, comprehend or express themselves in that particular language and that is at the cost of the mother tongues or the Indian languages.
So, he was the great champion of Indian language.
he did not support Hindi and for that reason, he is also regarded by many as the linguistic chauvinist.
But for Lohia, the struggle for Indian language is not to replace one kind of privileged status with the other kind of privileged language or the status that is attached to a particular language, but to democratize the whole issue of language and So, the divide between English and the Indian language or the privileged or the status that is associated with the English language is something, which troubled Lohia and he supported the Indian language and wanted to promote Indian language in the polity and the state as well.
So, the language is another major theme in many of the modern Indian political thinking.
Now, by way of conclusion, what we find is that.
Political thinking or reflections with deeper engagement with active politics was the defining feature of modern Indian political thinkers.
So, many of the thinkers that we have discussed, the defining feature of their engagement is that while they were reflecting or thinking about the politics, at the same time, they were deeply engaged with the active politics of their time.
So, the critical engagement and not blind imitation or support or rejection.
or partial appropriation as we have seen and discussed in the case of many thinkers like Aurobindo Vivekananda.
So, the critical engagement not just blind following or rejecting with their thought will help political theory that we hope will strengthen by this critical engagement with the thinking or thought of modern Indian political thinkers.
So, we do have major exclusions such as Savitri Bai Phule.
Jyotirao Phule, Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, Varyar Elwin, I. V. Ramaswamy Periyar, Jayaprakash Narayan or Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Gopal Krishna Gokhale, Deendayal Upadhyay and Madan Mohan Malviya.
These are the major exclusions which we could not include in our discussion.
But despite of such exclusion, I do hope that this course does represent the importance the major shades of ideas and opinions that constitute modern Indian political thought.
And one can also or must or should engage with these other thinkers as well.
But I hope, the thinkers we have discussed in the course do represent the various shades and opinion which constitute modern Indian political thought.
Now, one thing that we have discussed in this course is that modern Indian political thought and critical engagement with the modern Indian political thought will help us to move away.
from the excessive reliance upon Eurocentric views, methods, and concepts, and use the vocabulary and concepts which is rooted in Indian society or polity.
Now, the objective is then not to replace a kind of excessive reliance upon Eurocentric concepts, ideas, and methods with a narrow indigeneity.
So, we should not actually replace such obsession of Eurocentric views methods with a kind of narrow or limited focus on indigenous ideas or indigenous approach.
But to focus more on dialogue or sambad as a way forward, as a way to re-engage with or critically, engage with the thoughts of Indian tradition as well as in other traditions.
So, one of the social political scientist Norman D. Palmer did recognize the role of Indian political thought in widening or expanding the horizon of modern political thinking.
And he writes and I quote, ìFrom India may come influences which will widen the horizons of western political thinkers and which will give political ideas a sounder foundation of philosophical and metaphysical speculation.î So, the idea is not to replace this Eurocentric views with the… narrow and limited indigeneity kind of approach.
But to focus more on engagement with the other traditions, other cultures at the same time, critically engaging with one's own traditions and that dialogue with the other then help in giving political thought and thinking a sounder foundation or a kind of expanded horizon rather than a kind of limited or narrow.
approach either Eurocentric or a kind of narrow limited indigeneity kind of approach.
The more fruitful exercise of doing political thought would be to move away from thinkers specific thought to thematic study, engaging with them in a social context within a particular temporality.
And this is something which we have been trying to discuss throughout this course.
And today, also, we try to look at different thinkers by focusing on particular themes.
So, that kind of exercise and doing it in a particular context within a historical temporalities will enable us to understand or engage with their thought more critically.
So, this method of doing political thought will be more fruitful and engagement with various Vassar traditions which I have emphasized in my introductory lecture as well.
will also, help us understand various critical dimensions and complexities of modern political thought.
So, modern Indian political thought is much broader than the thought and thinking of merely key thinkers.
And even while doing that, we have seen that we have excluded a number of other major thinkers while trying to understand the major debates and ideas that constitute modern Indian political thought.
So, engagement with the Vasa traditions or Indian languages.
will enable us to understand the complexities or the various critical dimensions of modern political thought in a more broader way.
The significant aspect of these thinkers are that their ideas and concepts continue to save the public political discourse of our country even in contemporary times.
And in fact, we can better understand and explain the contemporary challenges of our politics practically, engaging with the ideas and political thought of these thinkers.
So, that is the major objective of this course through which we hope that we can better understand and explain the contemporary challenges that the country is facing.
So, that is how I have tried to look at and discuss some of the key themes of the major thinkers of modern Indian political thought.
And I hope you have enjoyed this course.
Let us know your feedbacks and comments.
Thank you.
Thanks for listening.
Hello and welcome friends to this second and concluding lecture on Savarkir.
In the previous lecture, we have discussed Savarkar as a patriot, as a revolutionary and also, as a writer of India's first war of independence that is about the 1857 which is also regarded or written about as a rebellion or a sepoy mutiny by many British and as well as oriental and other scholars.
Now, Savarkar through that text.
which becomes a kind of bible for many revolutionaries in India or Indian patriots living outside India.
For the first time, he established the 1857 so-called mutiny as India's first war of independence.
And he traced the roots of such revolutionary movement in the long period of the suppressing or oppressive.
British rule and there he also celebrated the Hindu-Muslim unity.
So, we have studied some of these and also his ideas on nation and how he synthesized the territorial conception of nation as promoted by Congress and the religious and the cultural notion of nationalism as it was promoted by Muslim League in India.
And he was trying to synthesize between the two to develop his own doctrine or his own conception of Hindutva which is a political doctrine.
Now, in this lecture, today we are going to discuss in more details, his views on Hindutva and how he differentiates Hindutva from the religious or the connotation of Hinduism.
And Hinduism requires a new interpretation, reinterpretation by many scholars including Gandhi, Tilak, Arvind Ghosh, Vivekananda and many others.
many other scholars.
And Savarkar, although trying to develop his conception of nation on the basis of Hindu culture or Hindu religious practices or belief systems, he gave it a more political or a kind of approach which makes it more inclusive of different kinds of different religions or religious practices or belief systems.
which consider India not only as their fatherland, but also, as a holy land.
And that give it a more kind of political character than the religious sectarian definition or interpretation of Hinduism.
So, Savarkar differed from that.
So, we will closely, look at what is this difference between Hinduism and Hindutva and how Savarkar defines Hindutva.
And also, while defining Hindutva, Savarkar also gives a definition of Hindu.
Hindu, which is not someone who merely believes in a particular creed or a religious system, but also, someone who considered himself part of a larger or ever inclusive cultural practices or civilizational heritage of this land which he called Hindustan.
So, who is a Hindu and what constitutes Hindu, that definition also, we will try to understand through Savarkar.
And finally, we will try to understand.
understand or assess Savarkarís views on Hinduism or about political development or independent movement and his difference from Mahatma Gandhi.
And then, we will conclude his thought assessing about its relevance in understanding contemporary Indian politics.
So, to begin with, we find in Savarkar and his thought.
that he left behind a contested legacy and there remains an ever-present challenge of critically engaging with his thought and ideas objectively.
And this point, we have discussed.
So, there is a kind of shift or a kind of changes or evolvement in Savarkar as a thinker or a political activist from his early career as a revolutionary thinker or a revolutionary for the struggle against the British to an ideologue of Hindu nationalism.
And then, a pro-British attitude in his later lives seems to be a kind of problematic in understanding Savarkarís thoughts.
So, for a group of people, Savarkar is celebrated or followed as a savior of Hinduism.
But for the other, he is discarded as a divisive.
thinker or someone who propagated militarization of Hinduism.
So, this contested legacy of Savarkar makes it difficult to critically engage with his thought and ideas in an objective manner.
He provided a theoretical basis of Hindu Rashtra in his major work called Essentials of Hindutva which he wrote in 1923 when he came back from Andman and he was incarnated in the Ratnagiri And, he also, engaged with the other ideas like Hinduism, Indian nationalism, status of national minorities.
And these ideas continue to shape the contemporary debates and discussion on or about Indian politics.
And that is something which is the powerful legacy of the man and his thought.
So, even those who critique and those who support, certainly, they can always refer to or derive their strength or inspiration from his thought and ideals.
But even for the critic, it is hard to.
ignore or sideline or undermine his thoughts and ideals.
So, Savarkar and his philosophy remains ever present in any discussion and debates on contemporary politics.
His theoretical writings are considered by many to have a Hindu revivalist overtones.
So, many texts he wrote about the six epochs of Hinduís glorious past just before his So, in through such writings, he provided a kind of theoretical basis and that for many characterizes a kind of revivalist Hindu revivalist overtones in Savarkar.
Whereas, many other disputes such evaluation or assessment of Savarkar's thought and in order to understand his thought, therefore, it is essentially, to critically, engage with his conception of Hinduism and Hindutva that we are going to do in next 20 or 25 minutes or so in this lecture.
For Savarkar, Hindutva is a political doctrine and is different from Hinduism.
He subscribed to a conceptual framework that related Hindutva to Indian nationhood.
So, the way he was conceptualizing Hindutva as a political doctrine was also embedded or connected in the conception of Indian nationhood or Hindu Rashtra as he was portraying.
So, he subscribed to a conceptual framework that related Hindutva to Indian nationhood which focuses on one language.
and one culture or Ek Bhasa and Ek Sanskriti.
And in Savarkar's conception of nation, besides the territorial boundary or limits of a nation, this cultural, linguistic or historical inheritance matters equally in the formation of nation.
And we will discuss it that how Savarkar was in support of Hindi as the national language and Nagari as the script to write such language.
So, Savarkar developed a kind of homogeneous or integral notion of nationhood which focuses more on homogeneity than the cultural, religious, linguistic, pluralism as argued by many others including Congress.
So, this one language and one culture as the basis of formation of modern nation.
This pan-Indian conceptualization of Indian nationhood of Savarkar made a sharp distinction between Muslims of India and the other minorities.
And this is to do with his notion of Ponyabhumi and Pitrabhumi.
So, where many communities residing in India may consider India as their fatherland, but for them, the Holy Land is far away from India and therefore, he makes a kind of critical distinction in consolidating of different sections, different sects or samaj of one kind of belief systems or religious tradition, while excluding some other practices of belief systems or religious tradition.
On Hindutva and Hinduism, this is described in his classic work which is Hindutva.
or who is a Hindu or essentials of Hindutva as it is called.
And he has revised or added many other points in the later editions.
But this text becomes the core of his philosophy where he discusses this concept of Hindutva.
For him, Hindutva is not a word but a history, not just religion as with Hinduism.
So, Hinduism for him is a more kind of sectarian belief systems or religious practices.
But Hindutva is something broader, something bigger and it allows the inclusiveness of different communities or belief systems which considers India both as a fatherland or also as a holy land and excluding those who have a kind of divided loyalty towards India considering fatherland and their holy land remains far away from India.
So far, Savarkar, Hindutva is not merely a word.
or not just a religion such as Hinduism, but history in full.
And this history in full is a kind of millennium or different epochs of glorious Hindu past that Savarkar goes on to describe in his later writings.
So, according to Savarkar, Hindutva was not a word or a creed or a religion, but a history.
It was not only a history of the spiritual or the religious life of the Indian people, but a history of the entire civilization.
So, that is a kind of all encompassing broader view about Hindutva or Hindu civilization, which is much broader, much bigger than the narrow sectarian conceptualization of Hinduism as a particular creed or particular belief systems.
And this difference which we often took interchangeably, Hinduism and Hindutva, Hindu as the basis of Hinduism.
is something which becomes the kind of enigma or a kind of problematic in his thought.
But for analytical purpose, it is necessary to make this distinction between Savarkarís approach using his utilitarian, rationalist and also, pragmatic approach of redefining nationhood or nation by using a particular belief systems or civilization, but critically, distinguishing that belief systems or tradition from the kind of narrowly sectarian kind of practices or religious dogmas etc.
So, for him, this Hindutva was not only history of the spiritual or the religious life of Indian people, but a history of their entire civilization.
Hinduism is only a derivative.
a fraction or a part of Hindutva or may be a major part of Hindutva.
But Hindutva is something which is more about the civilizational heritage of the Hindu people or in many of the judgments of the Supreme Court also, when you say Hindu, who is a Hindu, how to define a Hindu and how to define the Hinduism, it becomes a kind of problematic term, because there is no...
such organized institution as you find in other religion or no one particular text which can define Hinduism.
So, during this period of Indian renaissance, which we call or the beginning of nationalist imagination and consciousness, there is the attempt to interpret or reinterpret in Hinduism in different way.
And many scholars were involved in such re-articulation of Hinduism and it remains a kind of evasive.
term to define analytically, in a neat and clean way.
But Savarkar radicalized such reinterpretation of Hinduism or heterogeneous belief systems or religious practices by giving it a more political outlook or more political orientation through this notion of Hindutva.
asserts that the failures to distinguish between these two terms Hinduism and Hindutva have given rise to so much of misunderstanding and mutual suspicions between some of the communities that have inherited inestimable characteristics and common treasures from the same Hindu civilization.
So, Hinduism or Hindu civilization is also considered as a way of life, as a philosophy as a system of practices, beliefs and faiths which remains somewhat ever accommodative and flexible enough to include new insights, new ideas and redefine itself in the context of emerging technologies.
emerging, newly emerging situations or challenges.
So, the Hindu civilization or Hinduism as a way of life which is very different from Hinduism as a belief system or as a faith or as a sectarian creed system.
Savarkar wanted to make this distinction and this one can understand perhaps in the historical context where there is a kind of as we have discussed in the previous lecture.
the colonial policies of divide and rule and increasing fragmentation of the Hindu communities.
So, Savarkar is also trying to using his pragmatic approach of taking every communities along.
And Savarkar played a significant role in social and religious reforms also, especially the untouchability or Patitpavan temple which he constructed and many such attempts refer to his integrative approach towards the consolidating the Hindu communities and also, the Sikhism demanding for separate status and many Buddhism and Jainism similarly.
So, Savarkar actually, was trying to consolidate them together to have a kind of integral view of nation or Hindu nationhood which is very different from a kind of sectarian belief systems.
in the form of Hinduism.
And he wanted to make this analytical distinction between Hinduism and Hindutva to resolve some of the misconception or misunderstanding among different communities which believes or derived their ideals from the same Hindu civilization.
In order to investigate into the essential significance of Hindutva, Savarkar did not primarily concern himself.
with any particular theocratic or religious dogma or creed.
He held that had linguistic usage not stood in the way, Hinduness would have been a better word than Hinduism as a nearer parallel to his philosophy of Hindutva.
So, first thing which is quite clear and evident is Savarkar's conception of Hindutva.
is nothing to do with a particular or any one theocratic or religious dogmas or creed.
But he wanted to use this term Hinduness as nearer to his philosophy of Hindutva than Hinduism.
And therefore, the Hindutva remains a kind of political doctrine, political approach towards constructing a Hindu Rashtra and there the definition of Hindu.
differ very much from just being a follower of a particular creed.
For Savarkar Hinduism or who is a Hindu and its constituting elements differ very much from the other conception of Hinduism and Hindu or Hinduism.
So, according to Savarkar, isms of all kind represents dogmas or creeds whereas Hindutva does not.
For him, Indutta is a kind of political objective or a kind of political approach to politics to construct a nation according to the ideals, belief systems and civilizational heritage of a civilisation of a communities residing or inhabiting a geography over a millennia.
And he construct his… of nation on the basis of that inheritance.
So, according to Savarkar, Hinduism must necessarily mean the religion and the religious that are peculiar and native to this land.
This land means Bharat Varsha or India and people and he defined Hindus in terms of three essential features.
So, Hindu as a nation or as a Rashtra, Hindu as a race or a Jati.
And, this conception of Hindu as a race or a jati is very different from the official or everyday use of the term jati as caste and as a civilization or a Sanskriti.
And, these all are not different or isolated from each other.
It is a kind of together, it constitute what Savarkar was trying to construct as a Hindu Rashtra, what should be the basis of such Rashtra.
So, he defined Hindus in terms of all these three things, Hindu as a nation, Hindu as They are as a rastra, Hindu rastra, as a race, as a jati and as a civilization.
So, all these things together constitute his conception of Hindutva or how to constitute a Hindu rastra.
Now, the first important qualification of a Hindu is that for him, the whole continental country from the Indus that is a river in the north-west boundary of India and the seas that is the southern most point is not only a Pitra Bhoomi but a Punya Bhoomi.
Pitrbhu or a Punyabhu, not only a fatherland, but a holy land as well.
So, for Savarkarís conception of a Hindu is the one who believes not just in the whole continental country from Indus to the sea and their attachment to this land is not only as a Pitrbhu, but also, as a Punyabhu.
In other words, not only as a fatherland, but So, in his famous speech to the Hindu Mahasabha session in Nagpur in 1938, he insisted that this land must be reserved for the Hindu and there is the only possibility or basis of Indian nationhood that should be based on Hindu Sanskriti.
And there, the Hindu word is not synonymous, not similar to the word of Hinduism or any particular creed, but a kind of civilizational heritage which those who inhabited this land from Indus to the sea developed over its millennia and there have been different epochs of such glorious past of Hindu.
So, Savarkar's early projection of Hindu-Muslim unity was then completely reversed during his transportation to the Andaman from 1911 to 1921.
And Hindutva was articulated as a political ideology.
As I was saying, not a kind of religious doctrine or conception, but a political ideology of ethno-religious nationalism.
So, if one can put his conception of nation or nationhood, it will be more a kind of ethno-religious nationalism to include culture and race in the territorial definition of nation.
So, it was designed to unify and mobilize the in egalitarian classes and hierarchical castes among Hindus under a communal panel of Hindutva or Hinduism.
So, the divides, the hierarchy, the inegalitarian status of different sects within the Hindu community through this philosophy of Hindutva, Savarkar was trying to consolidate such or unify such hierarchies or inegalitarian status of different communities.
So, this he wanted to do.
through Hinduizing the all sphere of national life.
And in 1941, on the occasion of his birthday, the slogan that was given is Hinduize all politics and militarize all Hinduism.
So, he wanted Hindus to discipline themselves to acquire physical strength to protect their nation or the motherland.
So, Savarkar was of the opinion that Hindutva embarrassed all the departments of thought and activity of whole beings of Hindu race.
He held that to understand Hindutva, one should understand first the essential meanings of the word Hindu itself and realize how it came to exercise such control over the hearts and minds of the millions of inhabitants in Hindustan.
And he stated, the word Hindutva, the word Hindutva's association are so varied and rich, so powerful and so subtle, so elusive and yet so vivid.
that the term Hindutva defies all attempts at analysis.
So, one cannot clearly define or analyze what it constitutes and what it is.
So, it is a kind of ever inclusive conception to include different sects, different beliefs, systems, practices, religious cults in one consolidated identity of Hindutva.
So, however, Savarkar felt it imperative to point out that he was by no means attempting a definition or even a description of the more limited, less satisfactory and essentially sectarian term Hinduism.
So, Savarkar in his analysis was more concerned about describing or constructing his conception of Hindutva and he was very less bothered about what he considered essentially sectarian.
term such as Hinduism and then, he goes on to explain who is a Hindu.
Now, Savarkar regarded the contestation surrounding the question who is a Hindu as the main source of misunderstandings and confusions in defining what is Hindutva.
So, for him, who is a Hindu is not someone who believes and practices particular creed or a religious system, but for him, Hindu is someone who inherited.
in the civilizational values or beliefs from his ancestors and share certain common characteristics and traits with them.
And they together, when they differ in their religious beliefs or in their religious practices.
So, Savarkar then went on to examine these constituting elements of a Hindu and who is a Hindu in the text essentials of Hindutva.
So, according to Savarkar.
Every person was a Hindu who regarded this land as a fatherland as well as holy land, Pitrabhu or Punyabhu that we have just discussed.
So, Savarkar held that the followers of Vedicism, Sanatanism, Jainism, Buddhism, Lingayatism, Sikhism, Arya Samaj or different Samaj, Brahma Samaj, Dev Samaj or Prajna Samaj and such other religion of Hindustani origin were Hindus and constituted Hindu.
Also, Parsiís were excluded from the right to claim themselves as Hindu in spite of India being their fatherland, because their holy land was very far away from them, India.
So, his conception of nation or Hindu nation is based on this loyalty to India, not just as a fatherland, but also, as a holy land.
And those communities which claimed their holy land outside India.
Savarkar excluded them from his conception of who is a Hindu.
In his philosophy of Hindutva, Savarkar minimized the importance of religious criteria in the definition of a Hindu by claiming that Hinduism was not, was only one of the attributes of Hinduness, which he considered as more closer to his conception of Hindutva.
The notion of territory was at the heart of Savarkar's ideological construct.
the holy land or the fatherland.
So, the territory remains very significant in his thought or ideological construct, but not in the same way as in the universalist conception of nationalism.
So, territory is necessary attributes or characteristic of a modern nation state universally.
But Savarkar's conception of territory is very different from this universal approach or conception of nationalism.
For Savarkar, the territory of India could not be dissociated from Hindu culture and he used it to interchangeably or in a synonymous way.
So, for him, the territory of India could not be dissociated from the Hindu culture which he defines in a broader sense than Hinduism and the Hindu people.
In his opinion, Hindus were pre-eminently the descendant of the Aryans who made it their home and lit the first sacrificial fire on the bank of Indus or Sindhu, a river which he considered to be the western border of the Hindu nation.
So, his conception of territory.
And the inheritance of such territory by a particular descendant of Aryan race who first came, settled there, made their home and evolved the history or culture around that cannot be dissociated from the territory of India and the both are deeply intertwined in his conception of nationhood.
So, Savarkar held that the Hindus were not merely the citizens of the Indian state, it is because they were united not merely by the bonds of love.
for a common motherland, but also, by the bonds of a common blood.
So, the racial characteristic of Hindutva is equally, emphasized upon.
In contrast with the universalist and the territorial pattern of nationalism, he emphasized upon the ethnic and racial substance of the Hindu nation.
Again, the synthesizing or combining the territorial with the cultural or the racial or the ethnic substance in conception of Hindutva.
his understanding of nation.
The emphasis placed on the racial criteria minimized the importance of internal divisions in Hindu society by assuming the existence of an invisible but potent benefactor that of blood.
So, we are the children of the same forefathers or same ancestors who first came and settled on the bank of Sindhu or Sindhu river and that so, the bond of blood.
also constitute his identity of who is a Hindu despite of the internal segregation differences on the basis of caste, language, beliefs and creeds.
So, this is the second criteria of blood in his conception of who is a Hindu.
The third criteria of Hindutva is a common culture or a Sanskriti.
As defined by Savarkar, this stemmed directly from the crucial importance of rituals, social rules and language in Hinduism.
So, he saw it as a kind of unifying force of those inhabitants who considered this land as a fatherland or also as a holy land or they are tied together by the bond of blood, the common blood that run in their veins.
So, these two criteria further get consolidated by this third criteria of a common culture or a common outlook or a common way of life.
So, Savarkar held that the Hindus were born together not only by the ties of a common fatherland, but also, by the tie of the common homage, they pay to their great civilization, the Hindu culture which is very different from the many pluralist or other kind of conception of Hinduism.
So, Savarkar opined that the Sanskrit.
language was the common language of the Hindu race and he held that the Sanskrit had been the chosen means of expression and preservation of Hindu culture.
However, in the modern conceptualization of nation, he supported Hindi to be the mother language written in the Nagri script and he wanted different communities, different linguistic groups to adopt Nagri as the script and Hindi as the national language in modern times.
Besides language, common laws and rights such as religious festivals were cited as the criteria of Hindutva by Savarkar and there is the kind of engaging with the distancing.
analytically, from Hinduism in his conception of Hindutva.
But at the same time, there is a kind of overlapping concern, overlapping definition, where the common laws, rights, the social values of a particular communities are included in his criteria of Hindutva as well.
So, Savarkar argued that when the Muslims forced their entry into India.
The conflict of life and death begins.
There is a kind of churning within the Hindu community once they encountered the Muslims and that in his opinion, posed a threat to the very existence of Hindu civilization or Hindu culture.
So, however, he also admitted its positive effects.
In his own words, and this comes with his understanding of survival of the fittest and some of the philosophical.
insights, he derived from the experiences of the western civilization.
So, he regarded this encounter of life and death as a positive effect on Hindu civilization.
And in his words, this conflict between Hindus and the Muslims had a about life and death of their beliefs or their practices, religious practices.
This conflict had a positive effect since nothing makes more conscious of itself so much as a conflict with non-self.
So, the other and encounter with the other in the constitution of the self is something which is desirable and which has positive impacts according to Savarkar.
And that is true in many continental philosophers also, the constitution of the self requires the encounter or differentiation of the self from the other.
So, in that way, it constitute or it help in constituting the more clearer conception of the self as well.
So, in some Savarkarís notion of Hindutva rested on the cultural criteria rather than on a racial theory and was accordingly in tune with the Brahminical world view to a great extent.
But at the same time, it represented an ethnic nationalism which borrowed much from the western political theory especially from the Italian conception of Hindutva.
Italian thinkers conception of nation especially, from Maginot and Garibaldi.
So, Savarkar opined that not territorial unity, but the religious, racial and cultural unity counted more in the formation of a national unit.
And therefore, his conception of Hindu Rashtra not just based on a territory, but also, based on the culture and life of the particular people inhabiting that territory.
The idea of territorial nationality alone was envisaged by congressmen who in general preferred to be totally ignorant of the Muslim history, theology and political trend of mind.
However, he argued that while conceptualizing Hindu Rashtra or Hindu nation from the Indus to the Himalayas and from Himalayas to Tibet and from Tibet to Burma and from Burma to southern and western seas run the lines of the boundaries of our land.
Whole territory including Kashmir and Nepal, Pondicherry and other French possessions constitutes our national and territorial unit.
And this whole constitutes our country Hindustan and it must remain one, indivisible and integral.
So, therefore, Savarkar while accepting this two nation theory as promoted by Muslim League and Jinnah refused to accept division of the territory because for him, the Hindu Rastra constitute this whole territory and it must remain one, indivisible and integral.
Now, on his relationship with minorities and others, we have discussed in the last lecture, where he thought about the role and status of minorities.
But he made it conditional that they should accept this land as a Hindu Rashtra or immerse themselves in them, accept the culture and beliefs of the Hindu majority.
So, he was against any kind of preferential treatment, therefore, to the minorities community and yet giving them a status.
to reside in the country in somewhat secondary status or similar way and that becomes a kind of critical point for Savarkar.
Now, to look at the difference between Savarkar and Gandhi, we find that it is true that Savarkar had in many ways strong differences with Gandhi and his model of politics especially, Satyagraha and non-violence.
Savarkar argued against the irrational practices of religious rituals He advocated for science and rationality in this age of machines and technology.
And therefore, he criticized a lot of dogmatic or irrational practices in the Hinduism and wanted to refine it using science or reason of modern era.
So, his use of religion in political life was to unify people for the cause of Indian independence.
Gandhi, to use such imagery as we have discussed, the idea of Ramaraj, Satya, Ahimsa, and so Such vocabulary, he draws from Hinduism or Jainism to mobilize public opinion.
However, Gandhi challenged to outdated religious practices was much more silent than Savarkar.
Savarkar was outright critic of many practices and he wanted to remove such dogmas and irrational practices from the Hinduism and to refine it for making it a kind of more consolidated unifying force and removing all the hierarchy or segregation among the religious.
different communities inhabiting India.
So, he was very vocal, outright critic of such dogmas in Hinduism.
Despite its pretensions to be nationalist and modern, his conception of Hindutva, its militant chauvinism makes Savarkarís Hindutva an antithesis of Gandhiís Hinduism.
So, Savarkar, despite of its projection as a nationalist or a modern framework for politics, his conception remains opposite or antithesis to Gandhian conception of Hinduism.
So, Savarkar want all Indians to be Hindus and claim India as a Hindu nation.
However, Gandhiís Hinduism is accommodative or ever inclusive and give a space to everyone for all the creeds.
Savarkar was opposed to the absolute non-violence doctrine of Gandhi, but there is no record of him personally resorting to violence.
So, he justified the use of violence for political independence for protection of a nation.
when there is a kind of invasion from the foreign land to protect the nation.
So, Savarkar has a kind of relative approach to the question of violence or morality in politics and therefore, he was more pragmatic than a kind of absolute theorist of non-violence like Gandhi about politics.
So, in conclusion, we find Savarkar a former president of the Hindu Mahasabha.
is often regarded as an early exponent of militant Hindu nationalism.
Many also continue to hold him and his ideology responsible for the assassination of Gandhi despite his acquittal in the case by the Supreme Court.
Many people continue to believe and that is a kind of contested legacy of Savarkar and also a challenge to understand or engage with his ideas and thought critically without being entrapped by his loyal supporters or by his staunch critic.
Savarkarís is a largely misunderstood legacy.
Both his followers and critics are responsible for reducing him to caricatures.
One as a patriot, revolutionary and a saviour of Hinduism and the other as a bigot who believed in the militarization of Hindu religion and propagator of communal hatred.
Both these extremes do not give the space or engages with the various nuances or various sides of his philosophy and thought.
So, Savarkar made a number of contribution in the struggle of freedom, developed his thought, it may have relevance and it continues to shape.
many discourses in the contemporary politics, there is some vital ideas, conceptions which we need to engage seriously, more critically.
But this binary or this polarization among the followers or the critique of Savarkar most of the time, do not allow such critical engagement with his thoughts and ideals.
So, Savarkar, when he wrote the first war of independence was a revolutionary, developing his conception of a revolution which is very different from say communist or leftist revolution and trying to envision a country or a nation in a very particular way.
But his reduction or his synonymous with the ideologue of Hindu nationalism or Hindu, its definition as a sectarian or a particular belief system which is very different from Savarkar conception of Hindutva do not allow perhaps, these nuances to come or to engage with them more critically and academically.
So, his ideology is often confused with those of K. B. Keshav Rao, Vali Rao Head Gawar or M. S. Golwalkar, the early leaders of Rajshri Svan Sivak Sangh, the right-wing organization Savarkar was never part of.
Although, he was the inspiration or he provided advice or suggestion to many of these leaders, but he himself was never part of Rajshri Svan Sivak Sangh.
But more often, he is and his thoughts and ideologies are his idea of a revolutionary.
So, despite of their differences, they used to communicate and respect each other.
So, as I was saying, Gandhi used to write to him and made personal visit to him when he returned from Andaman.
So, did Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose.
But in contemporary and many as we have seen those who are in the left of the spectrum also, considered his contribution in the high esteem.
So, for good or for bad, Savarkar in his contemporary incarnation is regarded merely as the ideologue of Hindu nationalism which he was.
But then the other side of his contributions are remained somewhat undermined which we need to closely engage with when we think or engage with his ideas on nation or nationhood.
So, many of Savarkarís ideas on social and religious reforms.
or on the use of science, reason and rationality and building a strong state continue to be extremely relevant for India.
His controversial position on Hindutva continues to occupy an important place in political, current political debates.
Therefore, to deeply engage with his ideas remains crucial to understand the contemporary politics that is unfolding in India.
So, Savarkar, in my opinion, remains a crucial figure and his ideas, we need to perhaps closely, engage with to understand the challenges of contemporary politics.
And that is why, he remained a kind of inevitable thinker and his texts remained so crucial to understand many of the challenges of our contemporary politics.
Now, on Savarkar, you can look at some of his texts like Vaidhananjay, Kier, Savarkar and his times.
Sources of Indian Traditions, there are chapters on his views on Hinduism which you can look at.
Also, Political Thought in Modern India and Savarkar and Hindutva by Sukhla Sen, P. R. Ram Irfan, Engineer Uday Mehta and Asad Bin Saif which is about Savarkar and Hindutva in Economic and Political Weekly and also, Gandhiís Hinduism and Savarkarís Hindutva by Rudolf C. Heredia again from Economic and Political Weekly.
So, these are some of the readings which you can refer to understand.
Savarkarís ideas on Hinduism and Hindutva, you can also refer to his original Essences of Hindutva 1923 classic work to define his conception of a Hindu Rastra.
And then, you develop your own conception or your own critique or admiration for his thought and ideals without being entrapped in this polarized response to Savarkar and his ideas by his supporters on the one hand.
and by the critique on the other.
So, there is a need to engage with him and his thought besides this polarized understanding or caricaturing of Savarkar and his thought.
So, that is all for this lecture.
Thank you for listening and thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello and welcome friends to this second and concluding lecture on Pandit Ramabai.
Today, we are going to discuss her views specifically, on caste and gender through two of her significant writings Sthri Dharmaniti which we have partially, discussed in our previous lecture and also, high caste Hindu women.
So, through these texts, we will try to understand her views on gender and caste and we will also try to focus on how her views from a kind of orthodox conventional approach to the role of women and how within that role, the condition of women can be improved and emancipated to a more radical approach to women's emancipation developed in her thought or in her views on women's emancipation.
So, in Ramabai, you see a kind of evolution or a transition from a kind of more conventional approach which was more or less similar to say, male counterpart reformers in 19th century India.
We were also, talking about women education, women reforms or emancipation.
Ramabai more or less started with this similar approach to the question of women emancipation and gradually, developed her own radical views on gender question or emancipation of women.
So, there is a kind of transition in her thought which we will… Then, we will also see her views or discuss her views on the caste question and also, especially, the women from the lower caste.
What is her thought about that and what are the criticisms against Aramvai views and then, we will finally, conclude.
Now, to begin today's lecture, one need to understand the extraordinary life she she led in the 19th century and her evolution or her transition from a higher caste Brahmin women marrying to someone outside the caste encryption.
Her travels to different parts of India and also, to the world which was extraordinary considering the prevailing orthodoxy and conservatism which prevents even male.
Hindu travelling across the sea and she went to England and also, in America and also, to Japan in the east.
So, her wide travel, her unconventional or in many ways, radical personal life, her conversion to Christianity allowed her to embody many challenges or many issues that women were facing.
to see and encounter them first and then to reflect upon those and develop her own thought.
And throughout her life, she remained honest or she remained committed to her own concerns more than anything else.
And her own concerns as she has argued and we have discussed in our previous lecture becomes the basis of her understanding of religion, hierarchy, role of women and how the condition of women can help in creating a better society or a better nation.
So, she has her own subjectivity, her own thinking and that thinking and subjectivity was guided by her own conscience more than anything else.
And she continued to evolve her thought and reflect upon many of the challenges.
So, from an orthodox upper caste Hindu women to a religious convert to a social reformer and a thinker, Ramabai had to do all these things.
truly a remarkable and extraordinary life in 19th century India.
And she continued to be a pillar of strength in many women's struggle or feminist movement across the India.
Now, to look at her role, her views on gender, find as we have discussed it in our previous lecture that she was committed, she has a lifelong passion, commitment towards women's empowerment or women's emancipation.
So, the entire life of Ramabai was devoted to the cause of women's emancipation and she passionately championed the rights of women through her writings and social works which she undertook in the later years of her life.
What we also find is there are as I was saying, draw strict transitions and evolution in her views on patriarchy in the caste Hindu society.
So, her views on caste, the women question, the role of women in society or in family was not something which was aesthetic.
She developed her thoughts, she evolved her thoughts and in later years, rectified many of her earlier positions about women, womenís role and the role of religion or religious text in empowering the women and also.
So, there is a kind of drastic.
transitions and evolution in her views on patriarchy in Hindu society.
This also helped in shaping various works she undertook over the years for the emancipation of women.
And this transition in her vision on orthodoxy or women emancipation or patriarchy in Hindu society, one can easily trace if one closely studies her works and writings.
So, two of her major works, the Sthri Dharmaniti which she wrote in 1882 which is the first where she argues about women's emancipation and how women can uplift her status in the family or in the society within the religious or cultural conventional views about the role of women.
And there, she was arguing by following to such conventional understanding about the role of women in society and family.
So, the two of her major works, Sthri Dharmani, The and the High Caste Hindu Women which was published in 1887 when she travelled to England and from England to US.
That is the, these two texts also establishes this transition in her thought where she engages with the question of caste and gender in Hindu society.
And these texts are representative of different stages in Ramabaiís life and ideology which deals with her views on gender and its underlying system of patriarchy especially, in the caste Hindu society.
So, in the first text, you will find her more conventional.
in terms of articulating the role of women and status of women within the society and the household and how women can improve her status in such given role.
In the second text which is more mature, she clearly, departed from many of her earlier positions and argued for radical reforms in terms of social status of women or the family status of women or arguing even for the assertion of agency or independence of women about taking decisions which has influence not just in her personal life, but also, in the life of community or the nation.
Look at Shri Dharmaniti and through that text, we try to understand Ramabaiís views on gender.
We find that this is the first text on reforming the degrading condition of women in Hindu society.
And in this text, like her male counterparts, she took upon her shoulders the responsibility of enlightening women and improving their status in the society.
So, this is a kind of approach which she shares with many of her male counterparts who were also involved in reforming the women condition, providing them education and took upon themselves the responsibility to provide education to improve the status of women in the society.
Ramabai in this text took more or less similar approach on the question of women reforms and women emancipation.
And this she wrote in the preface of this text where she writes, the women of this country being totally helpless and lacking in education do not understand how to achieve their own welfare.
It is therefore, necessary for the learned people to explain it to them and make them conduct themselves accordingly.
First, the role of those literate or learned.
in empowering women or in providing education to the women so that they can understand their role better, they can perform their role better.
But here, the point is that the conduct that these women have to abide by is something which is already prescribed by the society or which is already given.
So, there is no acknowledgement of the role of women in the in deciding upon these conducts and their role which is prescribed by society.
So, this is the kind of conventional approach and many of her prescriptions or kind of advice to the women for performing their roles in the society or in the community is something, she has taken from her religious centric approach towards the question of women and women reforms.
So, she argued that lack of education.
and ignorance about the Shastras were the major reasons for the deplorable conditions of women in India.
So, she was having kind of religious cultural approach to this whole question of women reforms and women emancipation where she argued that the deplorable condition of women are mainly, because of their lack of knowledge or ignorance about the Shastras.
So, if Shastras are accessible to them and this question, we have discussed in our previous lecture where women were prohibited.
to read, prohibited to even get education and to allow them to read Sanskrit literature or Shastras is something which was unimaginable or unthinkable.
So, Pandit Ramabai, because of the progressive outlook of her parents, especially her father, were allowed to learn Sanskrit and she was very familiar.
with many of the Sanskrit treatises and has a mastery over the language.
And therefore, she was given this Pandita and Saraswati title by the University of Calcutta which we have discussed.
So, she wanted the Indian women to have the knowledge of Shastras and this knowledge will allow them to improve their social and family status and also, improve their life.
So, she following those lines, she argued that the lack of education and ignorance about the Shastras were the major reasons for deplorable condition of women.
And she therefore, continued her emphasis on education.
in her later writings and the education becomes the very basis for women's transformation and women's emancipation in Ramabai's works and writings throughout her life.
She considered the education as one of the major tool or instrument for bringing about transformation in women life and in turn, in the life of society and community.
So, in later phase of her life, however, she changed much of her views and positions that she has expressed in this text such as role of Shastras and its education in improving the condition of women.
So, many of her positions and arguments, she has changed in later years of life and she developed a very critical approach towards Shastras which actually, perpetuate the divides and the inferior condition of women in Hindu society and family.
Since Shri Dharmaniti, she regarded women as capable of self-improvements and progress And in order to achieve that, she advised them on various aspects of life such as the need of education, modesty, appropriate conduct for brides, domestic duties and also about nurturing children.
So, her advice was molded by her belief in religious teachings, shastras and also, the cultural or social assigned role to the women and within that assigned role.
How to improve the status of women that was the major task of Ramabai through this text Sthri Dharma Niti.
Her positioning of women in this text appeared somewhat contradictory as I was saying.
She opposed child marriage in this text and supported the freedom of men and women in choosing their life partners and marriage after attaining appropriate age.
So, child marriage or after attainment of certain age is something which she championed in this text.
And she also described in this text the complementary role of men and women in society, in family or in the progress or in strengthening of the community or nation.
However, she also argued that the complete independence is the basis of happiness for women.
So, the absolute independence of women she has argued, but somewhat did not develop or explored properly in this text focusing more on the given or assigned role of women.
However, when she acknowledged or identified that the complete independence is the basis of women's independence, she went on to advise the wife to not to disobey her husband's.
And presuming that the domestic work as the sole responsibility of the women, she posited somewhat inferior status of women in the households.
And this is the somewhat contradictory or immature proposition in this text which she later developed and which we will discuss her next text.
So, in this text, Ramabaiís position appears to be in conformity to the convention as I was saying, the conventional religious assigned role of the women and emergent feminism.
So, that is the beginning or the kind of starting point.
So, very entry of Ramabai into the field of political, public, social reform, social religious reform is something which was radical considering the status of women and male dominated public arena in India.
So, her very entry into the public political life and to argue for the women reforms and women emancipation and to identify the independence of women as the basis of her happiness is something radical in itself.
So, we find in this text, the beginning of a feminist or feminism.
Her approach was not very different from the contemporary male reformers as we have been discussing and emphasizing upon the need of education for women's emancipation, but unable to surpass the immediate gender roles ascribed upon women by the society.
So, in this text however, she more or less followed the conventional or her male counterparts approach to the women's reforms or women's emancipation question where they were arguing for women's education.
But that argument do not extend to transcend the limits or to the role set upon women by the society.
So, the women and their space was already set, already limited by the society and there in this text or many by many of her male social reformers, they did not really, argue to transcend such roles for the women.
acknowledge in their writings or in their work, the independence of women to take decisions that is related to their life or that is about their personal life.
So, that things developed much later and in Ramabai also, she continued to look at the question of women and emancipation from the same approach as her.
many male counterparts were looking at.
Now, we find this emergent feminism in Ramabai turned into a radical feminism in her text, The High Caste Hindu Woman.
And this has also to do with her exposure to different cultures, to different languages, to different society and also, religion.
So, this text, she wrote once she was converted to Christianity.
And it was written in 1887 when at the age of around 30, she travelled to England.
and stayed there for three years and from England, she went to US and stayed there for three years mobilizing the support and financial support for her reform works back in India.
So, in this text, we find Ramabaiís more mature articulation about status of women and the question of women emancipation and also, a kind of critical approach to the many religious texts including Hindu Shastras.
So, it was written in 1887.
When she went to England and converted to Christianity and giving an account of the plight of the high caste Hindu widows or women, it appealed to the people of West for helping her opening a shelter home for them in India.
And it is in this book, Ramabai, emancipatory feminism took a radical turn or radical stance.
So, this text in itself, became very popular and especially, till then the question of social reforms and religious reforms were the domain of male reformers.
And they were also, talking or arguing for the women reforms or women education.
But this text where she critically, argued and articulated the condition of women and how to improve their condition was something which was very widely popular and celebrated text and considering its publication in 1887, make it a remarkable contribution in social and religious reforms movement and thinking in modern India.
In this text, Ramabai argued that Hindu sacred laws or texts divide a caste and voiced Hindu women's life into three stages.
That is childhood, married life and old age or widowhood.
So, these three stages of caste Hindu women life as divided by Hindu text or Hindu laws, Ramabai argues that the same text accordingly, assigns her father in her childhood, husband in her married life and son during her old age or widowhood, the responsibility to look after her as she is seen.
as incapable of living an independent life.
So, this is something which is a kind of radical approach in Ramabai from a more conventional orthodox approach to the question of women and talking about the morals or niti of women and how that can help in improving the status of women to developing a more critical and radical approach to identify the root cause of the women s status which divides according to Ramabai.
womenís life into three phases.
And then accordingly, assigned different male to look after her life to give them the responsibility to look after her life as she is seen as inherently, innately incapable of leading her own independent life.
And that she found very problematic and she went on to explain how all these three stages from her life is riddled with or replete with a lot of exploitative.
or torturous practices, customs and rituals to which the women are subjected to from the very childhood.
She stated that in India and that has the implication on the thinking or preference about male and female child and that we see even in our contemporary times, the preference of male child.
Of course, to a great extent, it has improved the role of women and participation of women in many sphere of our public.
professional political life has enormously changed.
But thinking about her time, we can find her approach or her articulation was very articulative or very insightful.
So, she stated that in India, male child is desired since he is regarded as the only means of salvation to his family or his father especially.
And girl child is unwanted as she is thought to be the property.
of someone else and is of no use for her parents in their old age.
So, this is kind of both psychological emotional on the one hand or religious on the one hand and material on the other.
So, a male child can help or expected to help his parents or his father not to attain salvation after this life, but also, to help them in their old age or the in comparison to that the female child is seen as something.
as a property of someone else who cannot help her parents in their old age.
So, besides that the pressure of the family of marrying the daughter within a fixed age, even before the puberty, the marriage or such practices in caste Hindu society with a person equal or higher to their clan or their status and expenses that a Hindu marriage incurs made the girl child unwanted and undesired by.
And therefore, there was the practices of female and infanticide which was very high during that time.
So, the overall implication of such preferences.
the social structure, the religious basis of such inferior status of women is something which we find very fascinating in her thought about the condition of women and how to emancipate it.
So, she has identified the real cause of or the root cause of womenís conditions and their subordinate condition, how to then empower them or emancipate them from such such structural exploitation of women.
So, even after all these hindrances which we have just discussed, if a daughter is born, she is never treated equally or with respect.
And despite of all, comparing her probable condition in married life and widowhood, Ramabai considered childhood as the heyday or the best days of a Hindu women life.
So, from the very early childhood, once Hindu women is married.
This is usually, at a very early age of 8 to 12 years.
So, early marriage puts the girl child, even considering the overall condition of women or status of women, Ramabai did consider childhood as the best part or best years of a Hindu caste women, Hindu caste women life and even that is taken away.
by the early marriage.
So, before the end of her childhood, she is married to other family and after marriage, she is considered the property of her husband and his family as we have discussed about the Hindu laws, how the responsibility to look after the women shifts from father to husband and then husband to son.
So, once she is married to another family, she is now treated as the property of her husband and his family.
Thus, not allowing any subjectivity or independence of women of their own and in this household, she is not treated as an equal partner, but as the lowest in the family hierarchy and has to serve that family in whatever capacity or whatever ways that family or that household desire.
So, this is the absolute condition of subjugation.
Even before the end of the childhood, the caste Hindu women is married to another family where she is treated as a property and denied.
any subjectivity or independence of her own.
In the family, she is there merely to serve or merely to fulfil the desire and role that is set for the other members of that family.
So, in the hierarchy or in the hierarchy of the household, she is treated as the lowest in the household of her husband.
So, however, compared to her childhood or marriage day, what Ramabai found more dreadful or more worse.
or the most challenging phase of a caste Hindu womenís life is her widowhood.
So, it is not the worst until widowhood arrives and it is the most dreaded period of high caste Hindu women argues Ramabai.
Widowhood for a caste Hindu women is viewed or seen by the society as the punishment for the crimes or sins she committed in her past life.
Thus, justifying the inhuman torture or subjugation or oppression of women that society subjected the women in her present life.
So, the condition of widow and their treatment in the society was so inhuman, so dreadful that Ramabai considered it as the worst phase of a caste Hindu womenís life and that subject her.
to a torture or a sub-human or inhuman life and that is justified in the name of the past sins that such women have committed.
So, in other words, this system or this inhuman treatment of women in the present life is justified in the name of the sins or crimes she had committed in her previous life.
So, there is then no sympathy or no compassion for the widowed life in that society and therefore, the condition of women in the caste in the society was more dreadful than her treatment during her marriage years or in her childhood setting.
Thank you.
So, Ramabai in this context illustrates the practices of Sati.
So, this question we have discussed when we were discussing Raja Ram Mohan Rai and how it was legally prohibited during the colonial rule.
So, she conveys how Sati is the result of misreading and misinterpretation of Vedas by the priestly class.
And referring to the works of Max Muller, she also argued that in the Rig Veda, there is no hymns that suggest self-immolation of widows.
In fact, these texts advise her.
to go back to the earthly life and not to commit sati along with her husband as widely, it was prevalent during her time.
So, Ramabai believed that the women had a better status.
Therefore, in the past, following these Shastric or the Vedic texts and their prescription of women and divide of such knowledge to the large masses.
which is controlled or which is under the command of a priestly class which misinterpret or misread such texts and perpetuate such inhuman practices such as sati or justify the torture or the inhuman condition of women can be prohibited if they have right interpretation or access to these texts.
So, Ramabai believed that the women had a better status in the past which had been degraded.
or degenerated in contemporary period and this she relates to the degradation of the Hindu nation as such.
And this she shares with many of the contemporary social religious reformers and their vocabulary to use ancient past or glorious past as a response to the colonial challenges and to reform their contemporary degrading society in terms of women's education, we do remarriage a lot of reforms that we have.
seen or heard about during that phase.
So, Ramabai also, says some of those consciousness, some of those insights to relate the degenerated condition of women in her times is synonymous with the degeneration of Hindu nation as such and the vice versa.
So, then the reform or the strengthening of the condition of women will help in the strengthening of the Hindu nation also.
So, this she explained in the light of the effect of marginalized and deprived women.
on their progeny.
So, drawing on the prenatal influence on a child, Ramabai argued that an unhealthy and depressed mother cannot give birth to a healthy child and that will affect the strength or the status of community or nation as such.
So, moreover, ignorance on the part of women also, prevents any liberal men to take progressive actions in both the household or in the society.
And deplorable condition of women thus, affects the birth.
The progress of men, society and nation too.
So, she saw the status of women and improvement for better in the larger context of family, society and nation as well.
And this she relates with the condition of women and how that condition influence the status of a family, society and a nation and therefore, why there is a need to improve the condition of women which will ultimately improve the condition of society and nation as well.
So, Ramabai in addition to portraying or identifying the marginalized upper caste Hindu women paid equal attention on how to uplift their conditions.
And she explained three ways of doing that.
One was self-reliance, second education and third the native women teachers.
So, she argued that the upper caste Hindu women is forced to stay within the household for her entire life and thus, the scope for her being self-reliant is completely removed.
There is no scope for her to develop any self-reliance in a condition where for her entire life, she is made dependent on others.
Now, she is made dependent on the male members of the family.
which often lead to exploitations and oppressions.
And she therefore, Ramabai stressed upon the need of self-reliance and urged the western sisters to teach them in this matter.
So, she not just identified the root cause of the degrading status of women in Hindu caste society, but also, to improve their condition and to emancipate them from such subjugated condition.
The first important task is to teach them self-reliance and not to as she has argued in her previous text, dharmaniti to improve her conduct in the given role by the society.
Here, she is arguing more about the self-reliance as a way forward for women emancipation and social transformation.
So, Ramabai explained how women are deprived of education that affects their overall progress and this in turn had influence in society or community and their status as well.
So, he stated that any passion for reading in girl child was radical and her marriage in early childhood shuts off the door for her future education and so on.
So, explaining the effects of lack of education, Ramabai wrote certain from the world and destitute of the ability to engage in newspaper and useful book reading, they have little or no knowledge of common things around them and of the most important events that are daily occurring in their own or foreign lands.
Ignorant, unpatriotic, selfish and uncultivated, they drag the men down with them.
into the dark abyss where they dwell together without hope, without ambition to be something or to do something in the world.
So, in this paragraph, Ramabai articulates the implication of lack of education not just on women, but also, on men, society and nation as a whole.
So, this lack of education makes the women ignorant, unpatriotic.
and selfish and also, uncultivated and that leads to a lack of participation or social or public spirit to become something, to contribute in a positive way in the society or to make a society, better society or a just society or to influence the world.
So, the life and the status of men and women in a society which prevent or prohibit women to acquire knowledge to access education.
Do not allow in them a consciousness or an awareness about the world outside to think about the world and the happenings outside in a meaningful way and then carve out their own space, their own contribution in the society, in the world and to help in shaping the world in a better way.
So, in the lack of education has implication.
not just on the life of women, but also, in the life of overall society and community.
So, as a solution to this problem of lack of education, Ramabai stressed on the need of native women teachers.
So, that is the third solution that she provided.
Why native women teachers?
Because she thought that for spreading knowledge to the Indian women, where the parents were not willing to send their daughters or female member in the household to a school which is taught or where there are male teachers or the foreign teachers in the fear of conversion or their… the harmful impact of a teaching which is foreign or which is very different from their own cultural or religious teachings.
So, Ramabai thought that for spreading knowledge to the Indian women, neither male members of their own race nor any female teachers from a foreign land were appropriate or suitable.
And the diffusion of knowledge should come from within and therefore, the only native women teachers, so she wanted to train.
a number of native women to teach the large illiterate or destitute women and to give them vocational training or to enable them to rely on themselves or to inculcate in them the value of self-reliance.
So, that is something Ramabai undertook with first identifying the value of self-reliance, then to identify the role of education in inculcating that value of self-reliance in the women and then the role of native women teachers.
to inculcate such education and to inculcate such value of self-reliance in the Indian women.
So, in other words, we see Ramabaiís second work as a more radical approach to understand the question or status of women and also, to provide a solution which is much beyond the thinking or the prevailing thought process of many of her male counterparts were thinking about the role of women within the confines, within the assigned role that is provided by the society, family and community.
Here, Ramabai was arguing more about self-reliance, role of education to develop that value of self-reliance and how women native.
women teachers can help in inculcating such value among the high caste Hindu women and destitute women.
Now, if you look at her views on caste in her autobiographical account, A Testimony of Our Inexhaustible Treasure, Ramabai reflects on various phases of her life in this autobiographical note and she also, depicts on the marginalization of both women and lower caste in India.
And she criticized in this book, the Dharma Shastras which she previously promoted in Sthri Dharmaniti as we have seen, the many advice she has given to women there is directly related to the Shastras and Hindu Dharma Shastras specifically.
She prophetically stated in this testimony that all the Hindu scriptures had one thing in common.
This is her mature radical critical approach to the Hindu Shastras and she stated that these Shastras had one thing in common and that one thing in common is marginalization and subjugation of women and the lower caste.
So, like other reformers certainly, as we have seen in Ambedkar.
She identified this text as the basis of the degrading condition or marginalised inferior condition of women and not just women, but also, the lower caste in India.
So, she overall evolved from someone using religion, religious text as the basis of right conduct or good conduct to someone criticising the whole basis of such scriptures and such text as something which perpetuate or reproduce the marginalisation or suppression of women and the lower caste in India.
So, these texts established in Ramabai words that women of high and low caste as a class were bad, very bad, worse than demons, unholy as untruth and that they could not get Moksha which is liberation or salvation as man could.
So, this understanding or this critical reading of Hindu scriptures or Hindu texts in Ramabaiís testimony or in her autobiography.
understood the reason for the marginalization and suppression of not just women or caste women, caste Hindu women, but also, the lower castes in India.
And she argued that the scriptures or Hindu scriptures were the reason for such marginalization and subjugation of women.
She also, held that in Hinduism, the women had no right to study sacred literatures.
This, making them unfit for knowing Brahma.
or the supreme god and without knowing the Brahma, they had no path to get Moksha.
So, no woman had the scope of getting liberation.
Similarly, lower caste were not allowed to read Vedas and severely punished if anyone dared to do so.
So, there is the prohibition, there is a control to ensure that who or who cannot access Vedas or the Hindu scriptures.
So, women were denied and so were the lower caste in Hindu society.
So, she stated in this book that the reason for her embracing Christianity.
was not merely for the spiritual comforts as we have discussed in our previous lecture, but also, for the gender egalitarian salvation and the scope of rehabilitating for destitute women it provided.
So, within the Christianity, there is a scope for salvation which is available equally to men and women and but also, the possibility or a scope of rehabilitating the destitute women and that is something which attracts her to convert to Christianity when she did and not just merely the spiritual comfort.
So, neither it restricted the path to salvation for the women nor for the lower caste and she wrote the Christ did not this great salvation for a particular caste or sex.
And that is the egalitarian values she found in Christianity and she was inspired by Christianity in terms of allowing or in terms of its views on salvation which was open for both men and women, also for the lower caste and also, its scope for providing the scope for rehabilitation.
for the destitute men and women.
So, in Ramabai, however, what we find is that she did not focus more on the general aspect of caste as many other social and political reformers and thinkers did.
You do not find Ramabai focusing exclusively on caste.
Her main area or main interest lied in improving the condition of women.
So, the gender issue remained more significant, more central in her thought or in her activities than perhaps caste.
But she also, argued about the caste as we have discussed.
So, she was primarily, concerned with the question of gender and one can argue that even within her realm that is what the question of gender and women's emancipation, she focused more on the high caste Hindu women and said and done very little for the emancipation of the lower caste women.
So, even within the arena or within the scope of gender questions, she focused more on the condition or exploitative of high caste Hindu women than the lower caste women.
But certainly, in many of her activities in social reforms, she did include the lower caste women or work for their improvement in emancipation.
But in comparison, if one sees, she focuses more on the focused more on the condition high caste Hindu women than the lower caste and lower caste women.
So, however, this criticism against Ramabai is not very convincing because what comes to a reader of her writings is that it was the severe exploitation or degrading status of upper caste Hindu women in comparison to the condition of lower caste women that influenced her to focus more on the emancipation of the high caste Hindu women.
It does not necessarily mean that she willfully ignored.
as we have seen in many of her reform works, she did included the member of the lower caste women.
So, the lower caste and the lower caste women in particular, it was the historical circumstances that put her to work in that direction.
So, in her encounter with different communities, different societies and her familiarity with the condition or exploitative condition of high caste Hindu women of different age, different groups, different class allowed her or motivated her to work.
for the emancipation of such women and also, to identify the root cause of their degrading status and how to emancipate them from such degrading status.
So, one can argue that of course, she was more engaged in emancipation for the high caste or high caste Hindu women.
So, that does not mean that she excluded or willfully excluded those who were from the lower caste.
And some of the questions as I have discussed while discussing Raja Ram Mohan Raya which is available to us now was not available in their expectation of horizon.
Here, for them, the burning question of social and religious reforms as we see through the prism of language, caste, religion.
caste class was not available to them in the similar fashion.
So, their understanding of women reforms or the caste reforms has very different connotation, different approach than perhaps, we do in our contemporary times.
So, it may be the historical circumstances that put Ramabai to think about caste questions or caste or gender issue in a particular way that she did, then we perhaps, expected her to do.
So, in conclusion, we can find that considering the orthodoxy and conservatism prevailing all around, Ramabai lived an extraordinary life.
And that extraordinary life, we have seen that how it started from an orthodox religious kind of life travelling to different parts of the country, then going across the sea and to England, America and Japan, converting to Christianity and then starting the social reforms work or works related to women emancipation and thinking and theorizing, reflecting about their status throughout using her own concerns was something very remarkable and unique to Ramabai and in many ways, her own personal life.
was embodiment of so much of contradictions and relationships or interrelationship on the caste line, religious line, question of nationalism and internationalism.
So, different currents of thought in so many ways was embodied by Ramabai in her personal life and she set it as an example for many of the successive generation of women reformers and activists.
So, she did lead an extraordinary life considering the orthodoxy and conservatism prevailed in her time and she was unique among many of her contemporaries in a sense that her own life was the site of confrontation and reforms of many kinds.
And with an experimental radical life which was full of travelings and visits and inquisitive mind, she did all that she thought to be in conformity with her own concerns.
And that becomes the basis of her thought or her thinking and on her reflection on the question of gender, caste, religion, nation and lot of other things she was engaged in.
So, the religion to which she was converted did offer her the moral, financial and the practical support for reform, but at the same time, alienated.
her from her society or many of her contemporaries.
Although powerful as a social reformer, her association with Christianity placed her in the constant suspicion and skepticism by her contemporaries.
And this we have discussed that how she was very influential, lead a very remarkable and extraordinary life and played a significant role in the society.
Yet many of her contemporaries or different communities in India looked at her work with some skepticism.
apprehensions.
And for a very long time, her life, writings and legacies were very less explored compared to the other mainstream so-called Indian political thinkers or modern Indian political thinkers.
The life and works of Ramabai and her legacy remain very less explored and it has been retrieved or it has it is being retrieved only in contemporary times to re-establish her and her legacy as the.
beginning of the feminist movement or the emergence of feminist thinking in modern India.
So, however, many writers such as Meera Kusambi argued that the mere Christianity was not the reason for her initial othering from the accepted norms or the beliefs in Maharashtra in western India.
More than her conversion, it was her radical feminism.
This is a kind of feminist reading of her works and activities.
where it is argued that Ramabai was othered or her works and writings were marginalized or were less explored not only because of her conversion to Christianity, but also, because of her radical feminism which emphasized upon the self-reliance of women which was much beyond the thinking or the expectation of the social and religious reforms leaders of course, Mill in her time.
And that was also, responsible for her othering or silencing in the social and political discourse for a very long time.
In the words of Gauri Biswanathan, Ramabai lived a life that was a prototype of feminist aspiration to succeeding generation of Indian women.
But to her own generation, her career appeared confusing, inconsistent and even contradictory.
And that is the personal embodiment of cross currents of different issues, different concerns regarding religion, nation, internationalism, her conversion.
So a lot of such happenings.
appear to be confusing or inconsistent for many generations, many contemporaries of her generation.
But for a successive generation, Ramabai appeared to be the prototype of feminist aspiration.
So, as a radical social reformer and thinker, Ramabai and her writings remain a source of inspiration for fighting for the cause of women, defying orthodoxy and continue to inspire successive generation of women reformers and activists in India.
She remains a pillar of strength for the feminist movements and her text, The High Caste Hindu Woman is rightly regarded by many scholars as the unofficial feminist manifesto.
So, she has been retrieved or re-established as a feminist thinker.
But if you look at her thought, her own writings, we find a kind of broader approach towards social reforms to caste questions.
and also, on religion, society and nation.
So, perhaps, we need to while engage closely with her life, legacy and writings, we also, need to go beyond the particular approach to look at or to explain her works merely as a feminist or a socialist reformer or only as a religious convert.
So, we need, this is a time perhaps, to think about Ramabai, her work and legacy beyond these exclusive.
approached to understand Ramabai and her thought.
So, with that, I conclude this lecture.
You can look at some of these texts to understand her views on caste and gender.
So, Pandit Ramabai's Life and Landmark Writings by Meera Kusambi and also Crossing Threshold Feminist Essays in Social History by Meera Kusambi and these are the some other texts which you can look at to study her life legacy.
works and especially, on the question of caste and gender.
So, thanks for listening.
Thank you all.
Thank you for watching.
Hello and welcome friends to this lecture on Pandit Ramabai.
And through Ramabai, we will try to understand the question of caste and gender in modern Indian political thought.
And Ramabai is someone who is really very fascinating in terms of understanding this question of gender and caste which for long have been the male turf only.
So, we have discussion and public debate.
over the question of womenís education, abolition of sati or say, widowry marriage or abolition of child marriage and so many other social reforms that is about women and womenís reforms movement.
But for a very long time, it was male dominated and upper caste led social reforms movement.
Pandit Ramabai comes as a surprise to as a new development in the in such womenís reforms movement or social reforms movement in the initial decades of our Indian renaissance.
And she has actually, transcended the women reforms movement which was aiming merely for educating the women or preserving the prevailing.
womenís role or maintaining such roles and just to do that in a better way, they were trying to promote modern education and such things.
Ramabai was trying to theorize or articulate womenís role much beyond this kind of approach or conservative approach towards the reforms movement or women education to maintain the household or the gender demarcated.
role within the Hindu household or the caste Hindu household.
So, in such kind of debate, Ramabaiís intervention was radical and revolutionary in so many ways.
And her own personal life from a Brahmin Sanskrit conservative family to her religious conversion and then her support for womenís empowerment and womenís emancipation.
had generated a polarized debate about the acceptance or the rule of Ramabai.
So, internationally, when with her work, she was admired and supported in England, in US, Japan or in Australia.
Back home, she was also divided was also opinion where on the one hand, many people admired and acknowledged her role, but in larger mainstream public political debate or about social history, her works remain largely unexplored or largely, suppressed for a century.
And this is the intriguing or surprising thing when we talk about modern Indian political thought or modern Indian political thinking.
Largely, the contributions made by thinkers like Pandit Ramabai is remained somewhat marginalized, suppressed in the mainstream political, but it is no longer so.
And for many contemporary feminist, scholars or in many progressive discourse, the works and contribution of Ramabai is retrieved and she is also, projected as a first Indian feminist thinker who fought against the patriarchy of Hindu orthodoxy.
So, around Ramabai and her legacy also, there is a kind of controversy surrounding Ramabai around her conversion to Christianity on the one hand and also, to see her as the first feminist thinker in India.
But Ramabai has again, the overall role or articulation about various aspects of individual and collective life including certainly, her focus was on the issue of caste and gender and how also, the role of religion.
in constructing a good society or a good community.
So, there is also a kind of controversy for a very long time about the role and contribution of Pandita Ramabai and that we will see more when we proceed with this lecture.
Now, her personal life certainly was an embodiment of a lot of confrontations or lot of binaries that was prevailing in her time.
So, her period was from 1858 to 1921 and this period was in many ways, a phase of transition from one mode of thinking, one mode of governing to a different mode of thinking and governing.
And in response to that, there were also various kind of response including from Hindu orthodoxy or those championing the cause of Sanskrit and Hinduism as the basis of Hindu regeneration and so on to those who were arguing about more liberal and secular kind of.
So, there was a kind of transition from one mode of thinking or response to other modes of thinking and response.
And in such a phase, Ramabaiís her life, her personal life and her contribution is really, really remarkable or unique.
So, her biographer Meera Kusambi writes about her life.
that Pandit Ramabaiís life was the site for a series of overlapping encounters.
Primarily, that between Hinduism and Christianity.
So, the religious confrontation between these two religious groups, Christianity promoting or expanding Christianity and considering as the superior or true religion and response.
So, this historical period as we have seen in many other thinkers like Raja Ram Mohan Roy and many others was also a kind of re-articulation of the true meaning of Hinduism or true meaning of Islam or true meaning of Christianity and competitive claims about the true meaning of religion.
So, her life had this series of overlapping encounters primarily, between the Hinduism and Christianity, rationalism and dogmas, many ritualistic practices like idol worship or sati or such superstitious practices which were being criticized by many Hindu reformers.
And yet the embodied.
or they tried to revive the true meaning or true interpretation of Hinduism.
So, through rationally, through use of science or logic.
So, rationalism and dogmas was another such encounters.
Individuality and church hierarchy, so within a religion, the hierarchy that exists between the priest and the followers, the pundits and the large Hindu followers.
So, this encounter, she also faced between the individuality of a believer or a subject and then the hierarchy that is prevailing in that particular religion.
These encounters between Hinduism and Christianity or rationalism and dogmas, individuality and religious hierarchy or the hierarchy of the church is surrounded by the larger confrontation.
So, between Indianness and the western culture, so among many social religious reformer of that time, the embodiment of Hinduness or Indianness is also something which is seen or projected as a kind of response to the domination of the west and therefore, the opposition to the western culture or western dress and a lot of things.
So, you will find many scholars or reformers were trying to embody.
what they conceived as the Indianness or in opposition to the western culture or domination of the west.
So, besides such encounters, she was also confronting or facing the controversy or confrontation regarding the Indianness and the western culture, feminism and patriarchy in its multiple guise.
So, there are different sides of such patriarchy or the encounters between Indianness or the western culture.
feminism or patriarchy, rationalism or dogmas, Hinduism or Christianism.
Such encounters were taking place at different sites in multiple disguises.
So, Ramabaiís personal life or her social contribution is in a way embodiment of such encounters and that is the uniqueness of Ramabai and through her life, one can unravel such encounters.
such fuzziness or such confrontation between different traditions, different kinds of issues or concerns that our reformers or the activists were grappling with in this historical period of transition from one mode of thinking to another mode of thinking.
So, in both her personal and public life and also, through her writings, Ramabai led a very influential and remarkable life.
She was deeply engaged with the questions of gender and caste which we will discuss in more specifically in the next lecture.
In this lecture, we are going to focus more on her personal life, her social reforms, her views on religion and how she was seen or her contribution was seen by many of her contemporaries.
So, in the next class, we will focus more on her views on gender and caste and caste hierarchy in modern India.
However, her words and thought as I was saying are relatively less explored when it comes to theorize or to write about the modern Indian thinkers.
She devoted her entire life for the empowerment of women.
remains her lifelong mission or objective to empower, to emancipate the women from the suppression of all kind.
And there, the suppression and oppression of women and through her life, which is about a lot of journey from one place to the other place.
And she has seen the condition of women from the upper caste to the excluded, to child, to the adult, to the women.
women, their conditions deeply influenced and moved her emotional and intellectual commitment to the social cause and this empowerment or self-reliance of women and not just access to education or of course, that was the basis for such self-reliance.
That Ramabai was arguing much beyond the then held aims or objectives for the women as promoted by the male counterparts in their social reforms.
So, Ramabai has a kind of revolutionary or radical approach to women reforms and this remains her lifelong mission or project.
Although primarily, concerned with the plight of upper caste Hindu women in initial stages of her reforms, so in the initial decades or initial stages of her engagement with the condition of women, she exclusively talked about the upper caste Hindu women.
Ramabai however, equally emphasized upon the multiple sides.
of exploitations and operations of women such as patriarchy, religion, caste, nationalism and even internationalism and the biases that was inherently prevailing in these multiple sites of such exploitations and operations.
So, Ramamubai has a wide ranging interest and involvement in the reform movement of society, of religion, of caste or thinking about nation or international.
So, Ramabai is not only praised for her reforms movement and shelters home for the subjugated women.
She is also admired for her unique life history.
Her personal life was a glaring example of women's liberation and emancipation or in some way, the assertion of women agency is very reflective in her personal life.
So, she was born into an orthodox Brahmin family, married someone who is from other caste.
He was a caste which Ramabai referred to as a Sudra from Bengal.
She travelled different parts of the country and also, went to England or America which is not very conducive even for the Hindu male or even prohibited by the Shastras and the orthodoxy to cross the sea.
And she converted to Christianity, but also, criticized many elements and practices of church and entered into a field which was male dominated, upper caste led.
reforms movement.
So, her personal life, her own personal life was a glaring example of the assertion of women agency and also the example of women liberation and emancipation and that led to a lot of interest into her life or in her works in the world.
But at home, for some reason, her work was suppressed for a very long time primarily because of the dominance of Hindu.
Her own life was a defiance of patriarchy as I have said through her marriage, through her conversion and by taking decisions which were revolutionary and radical in so many ways considering the gripling effect of orthodoxy.
So, her own life was a defiance of patriarchy and orthodoxy of caste Hindu and that she set as a kind of example for women emancipation and liberation.
So, through her own life and various attempts of rehabilitating the destitute women and making themselves reliant, Ramabai carved out a space for herself in the mainstream reform discourse which had till then as I was saying largely remained an upper caste or middle class and male project.
So, through her life, through her works for the destitute or subjugated women or by teaching them self-reliance.
Ramabai called out a space which was largely by then dominated by the upper caste or middle class male Hindus.
Now, if you look at her early life and education, that was also a kind of radical step in such a time when women were forbidden even to be educated through their vernacular education say Marathi.
there was a debate about women education.
But her father was trying to teach his wife Sanskrit and that created a lot of controversy in their native land.
And certainly, this progressive attitude of Ramabaiís parent enabled her to learn Sanskrit and not only learn but also master its literature.
So, Ramamvai in many ways inherited a lot of progressive ideas from her parents, certainly her father and also from her association, from her journey and her encounters with many reformist, many religion, many culture or the intellectual tradition.
She was born into an orthodox Chitpavan Marathi Brahmin family of Mangalore.
So, these Marathi families migrated few generations ago from Maratha to Karnataka and she was born in this surrounding Ganga mole which is the origin of the sacred river Tunga in South Karnataka on April 23, 1858.
Ramabai was allowed to access which was forbidden or prohibited for the women and also, learned Sanskrit literature and this is something very radical.
in those days.
But her progressive parents going against the prevailing social norms of restricting girl child from education made Ramabai well acquainted with the vast literature of Sanskrit except Vedas.
The Vedas, she began to learn when she came into contact with reformist organizations such as Brahma Samaj and its leader Keshav Chandrasen.
But from the childhood itself, she was allowed to access or learn Sanskrit literature by her progressive or reform-oriented parents.
In her childhood which was filled with pilgrimages or family pilgrimages with her parents to different places.
Ramabai learned many languages or also, she worked as a Puranic.
So, locally, in some temples, preaching and sent texts to the common masses and that allowed her, enabled her to learn many languages including Marathi, Hindustani, Kannada and in her adulthood, when she settled in Bengal or Calcutta, she learned Bengali as well.
So, learning of these languages certainly helped her to see multiple sites or to learn the experiences of women or operations of women in different parts of the country and to develop her outlook about the condition of women in different parts of the world and different parts of the country, certainly, in India.
And to respond to such challenges by expressing or by asserting or by fighting for their self-reliance and not just.
by literating them or giving them access to education.
So, the question of taking decision which affects their life should be also given to the women which were not being thought out in the reforms movement that was happening.
So, her wide ranging travels, pilgrimages and also, the learning of different languages develop her outlook about the question of women, question of religion and the unnecessary or ineffectiveness of ritualistic or performative side of any religion.
So, this she developed in her later career.
She was left alone with her younger brother Srinivasan when her parents died in famine of 1874 and wandering from place to place, they practice all religious rituals in the hope of ending their sufferings, but nothing helped much.
faced in their personal life, in their childhood a lot of trials, a lot of sufferings and through ritual performance and all, they were trying to overcome such.
But nothing helped much and this led to their loss of faith in the performative side of religion.
So, after travelling to different parts of country or Himalayas, they finally, settled in Kolkata and there she got acquainted with Brahmasamaj and many reformers.
And for the first time, she began to read.
Vedas on the advice of Keshav Chandrasekh, the leader of Brahma Samaj.
It was also in Kolkata that Ramabai came in close proximity with the Christianity or the church or their bible.
So, she was gifted the bible in one Christian gathering to which she was not initially interested, but never got parted with since then.
So, initially, when a bible was gifted to her in a gathering, she was not very interested, not very convinced in the Brahminical Sanskrit teaching.
had or the norms and the values had strong influence on her character.
And in her initial writings, she was even arguing for the revival of Sanskrit or Sanskrit learning as a way of re-establishing the glories of India.
In one of her essays, she was arguing about the role of Sanskrit and Sanskrit learning in the re-establishing the glories of India and decadence of the Indian society or community was result of their distancing.
from the Sanskrit and its learning.
So, she was not very interested when the Bible was gifted but she was also not parted completely with the influence of such context.
Ramabai married Vipinbihari Medhavi in Kolkata and who was from caste which Ramabai referred as Sudra.
This breaking the caste barrier and this in many ways, we can say in Kolkata or life in Kolkata was a remarkable or marked as a beginning.
of many transition in her life from orthodoxy, Sanskrit kind of learning to modern scientific or rational outlook to society, to questioning some of the practices of Hindu orthodoxy, especially in the context of women.
And her gradual distance or seeking spiritual comfort from Christianity and then gradually, also criticizing the many practices of the church.
So, this intellectual journey or her transition from a particular kind of thinking and life to encounter different kinds of culture or different religion or yet maintaining her own consensus, decision or thinking is something which she began.
to deeply reflect upon from her engagement with various reforms movement or reformist organization or reformists in Kolkata.
So, Kolkata can be seen in many ways a kind of beginning of her transition to many other kind of culture or religion or possibilities or approaches to think about herself or the life of women.
or the question of caste and the role of religion in such issues.
So, it was in Kolkata, in the province of Bengal that she also began to give extensive public talks and lectures.
So, she visited different parts of Kolkata or Bengal to deliver public talks and lectures and develop her own intellectual capacity to reflect, to engage with many.
social and political issues of her time.
And her mastery of her Sanskrit earned her award of Pandita or the women scholar and Saraswati goddess of learning from University of Calcutta.
So, there was a public scrutiny or interview conducted in the Senate hall of the university by many by panel of eminent Sanskrit scholars which she faced and her mastery of Sanskrit earned her this award of Pandita and Saraswati from the University of Calcutta.
So, Ramabai in many ways, was a great Sanskrit scholar and her mastery over Sanskrit enabled her to think about lot of social and political issue in her own unique way.
And through that, she carved out her own unique way of thinking.
her own speech, her own judgment from the prevailing dogmas and practices or performativities in different religions including Hinduism and Christianity.
So, it allows her to connect to her own conscience and develop her judgment on the basis of her own conscience and not guided by any external text or influences.
So, Calcutta in many ways played a very crucial role.
her personal, political and as well as intellectual life.
Her husband died two years after their marriage and Ramabai was left alone with her only child Manorama to take care of.
And after that began the dreadful trial in her life as an upper caste Hindu widowed woman which she overcome with a strong will and inherent quest for journey and ability to learn from the other tradition.
After the death of her husband, she went to Maharashtra and there she greatly admired the works of Pratna Samaj.
So, she was the follower of or believer in Brahma Samaj and its teachings.
And when she came back to Maharashtra and her popularity reached different parts of the country because of her works, her public talks or lectures and certainly, after the award of University of Calcutta, Pandita and Saraswati to Ramabai.
So, when she reached Maharashtra.
She involved in many reforms work there and greatly, admired by the work of Prasanna Samaj.
But the inherent quest for learning and visiting different places and transcending the boundaries set by the orthodoxy allowed her to go to England in 1833.
And there, she taught Sanskrit and in turn, studied natural science, mathematics, English, literature and Greek in Cheltenham Female College in England.
Ramabai was in a constant search of learning new or scientific or practical knowledge.
from other tradition or culture or religion to develop her own ways of articulating the social or the political challenges in India.
Now, during her stay in England, she converted to Christianity and that created a lot of furor in Maharashtra or back home.
And the impact of such conversion, we will discuss in the following section.
So, from England, she went to US in 1886 after staying nearly three years in England and through her public lectures and participation in reforms movement because now she has imbibed or she has converted to Christianity which made her participation in different reforms movement in US more accessible.
So, through these public lectures and participation in different reforms movement in US, she garnered the support for her social especially womenís reforms back in India.
This was also a time if you remember Vivekananda was in US for the World Religion Conference.
She was also trying to garner the support for the womenís reforms work that she was intended to carry when she will be back in India.
So, she also published a text ëThe High Cursed Hindu Womení and this text instantly, became a great hit or widely admired and acknowledged and surprised many scholars around the world and also, people back in, scholars back in India that this was something unique attempt to understand or to express the condition of women, the exploitative status or the oppressive structure of domination over women within the caste society written by a Hindu women.
And this she published in 1887 in which she described the deplorable condition of upper caste Hindu women.
This we will discuss in the following lecture of what she described and how she explained the conditions of upper caste Hindu women and how caste and gender come together to subjugate or to exploit the women.
So, publication of this book instantly iconized her life and works and she received wide admiration and financial supports for her works from USA, Japan or especially, Australia.
She returned to India in 1880.
and immerse herself into women empowerment and emancipation.
So, when she came back to India after her religious conversion to Christianity and also publication of this book, The High Caste Hindu Women, she now clearly or very consistently wanted to work.
for the empowerment or emancipation of the subjugated women or the oppressed women in India.
Now, we can look at some of the emancipation works Ramabai had done.
The first thing, her entry into this women reforms or women empowerment movement was a kind of radical step as it was male dominated.
So, Ramabai's entry into the struggles for women emancipation and reforms movement which were till then the exclusive domain of the male reformers.
were looked on upon with a degree of contempt even suspicion.
So, her work or her entry into this women emancipation work was not really appreciated.
Even many people deplored it because of her conversion to Christianity and this they saw it as a kind of attempt to convert the Hindu women to Christianity and so on.
So, her entry was not welcomed or appreciated in.
in India or particularly, in western India.
So, therefore, it also, lead to her marginalization or her suppression when it comes to write the social history or the political history of western India for a very long time, almost a century.
It is only in the recent times, that her work or there is a retrieval of her work and activities and her contribution in the social reforms movement especially, in reforming the condition of women.
So, Rama wife while championing the cause of women.
transcended the limits of gender reforms set by the male reformers.
So, she envisioned far beyond the mere goal of uplifting women through reforms in social tradition or education.
So, the male reformers were trying to reform tradition or trying to make education accessible to the women to reform their life.
Ramabai transcended such objectives to include the self-reliance of women as the major objective of reforms women.
of taking decision that affects their life about marriage, about divorce, about property and so on and so forth.
So, this is something which is the contribution of Ramabai.
And Ramabai also, opened two shelter homes, Sarada Sadhan and Mukti Sadhan for the destitute women.
In these homes, she offered emotional and physical support to such oppressed and marginalized women.
And through vocational training, she also taught them the self-reliance.
So, the role of education or vocational training in self-reliance is something Ramabai began to inculcate or to impart.
in the destitute women and their lives.
So, she tried to create an awareness among the women about the need for self-improvements through education or through vocational training.
And to reach out to the women from various backgrounds and orientation, she gave lectures on different topics including religious scriptures, morality and gender conduct.
Ramabai also founded one Arya Mahila Samaj in 1882.
And this Samaj and the objective of this Samaj she mentioned as protesting against child marriage.
That is the one objective.
The second was preventing men remarrying while the first wife is alive.
So, that is the second objective to prevent the men from marrying when the first.
So, polygamy or the unmatched marriage was something which was widely prevalent and she was focusing on this preventing men to marry when the first wife is alive.
And third, helping the destitute women.
So, the Aarey Mahila Samaj was a kind of women organization to achieve these three objectives which she identified for the Samaj.
And through Aarey Mahila Samaj, Ramabai also developed a kind of tactical or unique way of organizing or mobilizing the women.
So, the reason for such tactical or unique ways of reaching out to the women was her awareness, her personal understanding of the prohibition or the restrictions that was there on the women in their participation in the public life.
So, socially, the role of women was confined to the household and in the public political life, her entry was prohibited or seen with suspicion with lots of character and other kind of assassination.
So, you may also think that even in contemporary times, such stigma or such prohibition was is being practiced in many parts of the country and their participation, their assertion in the public life is not seen with a kind of respect or with dignity.
But it is seen as a kind of transcending the limits or the boundary of their role.
So, she was aware of such prohibition or restrictions on women's entry into public space to overcome this, be able to.
excess women, Ramamubai made it compulsory for men to bring along with them at least one female member from their family if they wanted to listen to her lecture.
So, this was a kind of tactical way to reach out to the women or to invite women in the works and the philosophy that she was arguing for.
Now, if you look at her views on religion, in her first texts that she wrote in 1882, the Sthri Dharma Niti.
Her thinking or theorization of women and the role of religion in the life of women or the men is something articulated in her first text.
And here, she is deeply influenced by the religious Sanskrit texts and treatises and she theorize or articulate the conduct of women or men in a particular way.
And there, she explained her views on religion and role of religion as well.
So, in this text, she offered her understanding of a true religion and this understanding of true religions remained there even when she converted to Christianity.
Now, if you look at her views on religion, the first text that she wrote on Sthri Dharmaniti which we can translate is that Morales for Women in 1882.
She argued for the role of religion in the life of men, women and their salvation and also, in the progress of the humanity and the welfare of the humanity, the role of religion is very influential.
In this text also, her influence on her thought is from her exposure to the Sanskrit literature or her understanding of Sanskrit which allowed her to develop a conscience or connection to the conscience and the role of conscience as the basis for the judgment in individual life about the social and political challenges is something which stick to Ramabai.
And her conception of religion is very different in a way than the narrowly or in a kind of ritualistic dogmatic or.
in an organized understanding of religion in Hinduism and Christianity.
And there in this text, she also then defined the meaning of what she calls the true religion and the role of true religion in individualís life and salvation.
So, this understanding of true religion remains there even when she converted to Christianity and that allowed her to critique many of the practices by the church as well.
So, Ramabai offered a detailed account of her understanding of a true religion in this text is Sthri Dharmaniti, the morals for women.
So, for Ramabai, religion did not mean any particular religious doctrine such as Hinduism or Christianity.
For her, the true religion is conduct in accordance with conscience.
So, the role of conscience or the conduct that is guided by conscience is something which she defines as the.
So, in this sense, all the doctrines have similar or same message and that message is about the supremacy or the religious conduct or how the individual can attain spiritual heights by following oneís conscience.
And this kind of understanding of religion, we have seen in many thinkers as well, certainly, in Gandhi, Tagore, also in Aurobindo Ghosh or Vivekananda.
So, the message, the essential message in all the religion.
control over mind, abstaining from stealing, purity, control over the senses, intelligence, knowledge, truth and the absence of anger.
So, the moral or the ethical conduct of life should be based on certain principles and that principles she characterized as ten such characteristics or principles which is the basis of a true religion for her and not the narrowly.
limited conception of doctrinaire religion as it is there in Hinduism or in Christianity.
So practicing this true religion according to Ramabai is the primary duty of men and women and it is for two reasons.
Firstly, religion is the basis of all things.
As nothing can stand without the foundation, a man and woman without religion cannot manage his or her life in a desired way.
So, in her thought, in her articulation, the role of religion and religion, the conception she had is a true religion and not the doctrinaire religion of Hinduism or Christianity.
So, that provides the foundation for individual life to have a meaningful or a kind of desired objective or a kind of achievement in the life.
So, therefore, the role of religion is very necessary or essential in the individual life.
Second, it is the good conduct or true religion.
which accompanies men, women till his or her death and also, beyond her death.
And therefore, religion for her is a source of salvation and moreover, only a true religion in her opinion can protect this world and ensure its welfare.
So, the role of religion is not just for the individual life and for the attainment of salvation in the individual life and also, give individual life a particular direction or desired way.
of leading a good life or good conduct in individual life.
But also, for the welfare of the humanity or the world is also lies in the religion that she has argued for.
And again, one needs to point out the religion for her is not a doctrinal religion, but a religion which is based on certain characteristics which she has identified.
So, in the light of her views on religion, one can infer the reason for her conversion.
So, she was in search of spiritual comfort.
And one can argue that she might have thought that Christian doctrines might provide her such comfort from the emotional or the spiritual urge she was having in her encounter with an alien or a foreign religion.
And she might have thought about its contribution or the role of Christianity in comforting her spiritual urge and therefore, she might have converted to Christianity to attain such or to achieve such comfort.
Her conversion to Christianity can only mean her changing of path to religion.
and note the religion itself which remains for her based on the individual conscience.
And she on the basis of such conscience as the basis of moral conduct or ethical conduct in oneís life or in oneís public life, she continued to follow even after her conversion to Christianity where she used the religion as the true religion and the path of Christianity or Hinduism is only the means to attain such inner connection with the conscience.
So, her encounters with church and colonialism, if you look at, so with her conversion, Ramabai also got a sense of the authoritarian churches and their underlying colonial assumptions and biases.
So, from her analytical mind which viewed everything with a degree of scepticism, the dogmas associated with the practices of church could not escape her attention.
And she was aware of the many such dogmatic or ritualistic practices.
by the church.
But this created a problem because any criticism of church might lead to the questioning of honesty and authenticity of her conversion.
So, she understood the dogmatic or the authoritarian side and as well as the biases that the missionaries or the churches were holding.
But it was a kind of problematic for her because if she began to criticize which she did.
Then the danger was that her authenticity or honesty in conversion may be questioned.
So, on the one hand, she had criticism by many of her contemporaries in India because of her conversion to Christianity.
But even after her conversion to Christianity, she began to look at many of the practices with a degree of skepticism and was very critical of such practices and their biasness.
So, however, the churches tried to restrict her liberty of conscience or using her conscience which allowed one to have independent and autonomous thinking about certain or issues of society of oneís life and have oneís own judgment on the basis of conscience.
When the church tried to restrict such liberty of conscience, Ramabai always adhered to the call of the conscience or her conscience as the basis of her judgment and use her inherent skepticism to have her own judgment about social as well as religious practices.
And she writes, I have a conscience and mind and a judgment of my own.
I must myself think and do everything which God has given me the power of doing.
I have just with great effort freed myself from the yoke of the Indian priestly tribe.
So, I am not at present willing to place myself under another similar yoke.
of accepting everything which comes from the priests as authorized command of the most head.
So, this is her views on religion.
So, it is similar to a kind of Raja Ram Mohan Roy response to the congratulatory message from a Christian missionary about his religious conversion which he never did.
But his response is very similar to what Ramabai or So, Ramabaiís response to the organized or the ritualistic or performative side of religion of whether it is Christianity or Hinduism is very similar to this reformist or rational approach to religion where the role of god or the religion is acknowledged.
But many practices or the rituals are criticized and Ramabai also developed such approach to the organized religion or the practices which he considered as a kind of obstruction.
in the life of individual to connect to its own conscience and develop one's judgment and moral conduct according to their own conscience.
So, the role of God and religion is necessary acknowledged, but the approach to the God and religion is more scientific, more personal, intimate than through the priestly class of one kind over the other.
So, apart from the authoritarianism, Ramabai also, experienced the colonial biases in activities of...
many churches.
So, when Ramabai was asked to teach the native languages, religion and philosophy of India to the English population, the bishops in India responded very negatively.
And they considered themselves as having better understanding of Indian culture and philosophy and stated how Ramabai being the female teacher could offend her Indian counterparts.
To this, Ramabai responded that she knew the culture and philosophy of India better than any foreigners and bishops no matter how long they have.
So, she was also very critical of this negative approach about the authority of knowledge on the part of many Christian missionaries especially, those who were living in India.
So, their objection, their biasness also allowed Ramabai to develop a kind of critical outlook or critical approach to the many practices of church and Christianity as well.
So, now if you look at Ramabai and many of her contemporaries.
And as we are saying that the role and contribution of Ramabai lead to a kind of polarization where many admired her work and accepted her contributions or respected her works and intellectual engagement with the question of caste and gender.
On the other hand, a number of people also look at her works with contempt or demonized her legacies and contribution.
So, that happens with many of her contemporary as well and that also, lead to a kind of admiration of her works outside and condemnation of her work in the country.
And for very long time, for this reason, her work and her contributions are not sufficiently explored or examined.
So, Ramabaiís conversion especially was the major reason for such suppression or such condemnation of her work and contribution.
So, Ramabaiís conversion and following missionary activities created instant shock and even incomprehension among many of her contemporaries.
And many wrote in different magazines such as Indu Prakash, defaming accounts of her character especially her religious convergence.
So, think about the India of that time.
And the context, when the education was being promoted, but for very long time, prohibited for the women and especially, her entry into the public political life was seen with some kind of suspicion or some kind of skepticism.
When in orthodox upper caste women like Ramabai lead a public life, married someone from the other caste.
On top of that, converted to a religion which was seen as a kind of challenge to Hinduism, she was obviously, condemned by many of her contemporaries and also, a number of social reformers.
However, gradually, because and the point in this kind of demonization or admiration is not to engage more critically or more closely.
with the evolution of one of a remarkable modern Indian thinker or women thinker who started with orthodoxy or orthodox learning and gradually, developed and encountered many other traditions or intellectual approach to reflect on society, to reflect on religion, to think about the nation, to think about the role of women in the nation and how to empower or emancipate the women.
So, somewhere in this admiration or condemnation, The actual evolution of thought and thinking in one of the remarkable life of modern India in Pandit Ramabai is somewhat less explored or marginalized or suppressed to a great extent.
So, it is not enough or sufficient just to recognize her because of her conversion and condemned her because of that.
It is equally not sufficient to recognize retrieve her merely as a feminist thinker which she was and she asserted the agency or the right of women in making decisions which affect their life.
But she was also, envisioning about the role of religion, the role of women in the construction or in the imagination of nation and lot of other things.
So, that we need to have a kind of critical.
engagement with the evolution of thought process in Ramabai which will help us to understand some of the overlapping encounters and challenges that many of modern Indian thinkers and reformers were facing.
So, this was the way she received the responses from many of his contemporaries which was divided among the admirers and also those who were the critic, those who condemned.
her work, her life and also, her character.
So, however, gradually because of her work and consistent work to improve the life of women, it was gradually generated a great deal of admiration even among those who were the critic of Ramabai.
One of the prominent social reformer M. G. Ranade in western India, Maharashtra was very appreciative of her works and Ramabai also found a comfort in the reform oriented Prarthma in the Samaj.
Although, most of her contemporaries like Bal Gangadhar Tilak could not support her conversion at any cost.
So, they were very opposed to her religious conversion.
They did applaud her courage and her works for social reforms.
So, even among the critics, she was able to turn them into an admirer because of her consistent reform regarding the women or in the emancipation of women.
The only prominent figure who supported Ramabai in her conversion was from Jyotirov Phule.
Jyotirov Phule himself articulating about the caste domination, caste exploitation by the upper caste Hindus or in the Hindu society stood by Ramabai and supported her conversion to Christianity and considered it as a radical act of defying upper caste Hindu patriarchal system.
So, in conclusion, one can see a kind of remarkable or influential life.
Life and Landmark Writings by Meera Kusambi, one of the best known works so far on the life and works of Ramabai.
You can also look at Crossing Thresholds, Feminist Assays in Social History by Meera Kusambi and also Indian Response to Christianity, Church and Colonialism, Case of Pandit Ramabai again by Meera Kusambi and some other writings in EPW and also Journal of Feminist Studies in Religion about Christianity Reforms and the Reconstitution of Gender, the Case of Pandit Ramabai Parinitha Sethi.
So, these are some of the works which you can refer to understand the life.
and times and the works of one of the remarkable modern Indian life of Ramabai.
So, that is all in today's lecture.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for your patience.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello hello and welcome everyone.
Today, in this lecture, we are going to discuss Rabindranath Tagore and critique of his ideas on nationalism and also, his views on cosmopolitanism.
In previous lecture, we have discussed Rabindranath Tagore as a thinker, as a poet, as a political philosopher and we situated him in the larger context of Indian intellectual tradition as well as his response.
not just to the Indian condition and Indian challenges, but also, the global challenges.
And we tried to understand his thought and his ideas in the Indian as well as in the global context.
And we have discussed his views on nationalism, where he was not just critical of Indian nationalism or any other form of nationalism, but he would develop a critique of the very idea of nationalism and that is something very interesting in his thought process.
So, he himself was deeply engaged in the social and political issues of India.
and continued to engage intellectually with some of the burning debates and discussion around social and political philosophy, challenges of India as well as the world.
But he gradually rescued himself from the active participation in the politics whether it is the anti-colonial struggle in India or in any kind of political agitation.
So, he started in the beginning as a very active participant in the social political movement.
So, in Swadesi movement in some of the some of the congress session in Bengal, he actively participated.
But from the Swadesi days itself on various issues, he gradually developed intellectual difference from the tactics or the strategies followed by many contemporary political leaders including the congress and its various leaders.
So, we have discussed these things in the previous lecture.
Basically, we have focused on his critique of nationalism.
as an idea and why it is obstructive and lead to moral, ethical corruption in individual in the society and we need to transcend or we do not need to actually follow that path of nationalism.
One of the interesting point in Rabindranath's thought is and that we have to understand that his intellectual understanding is very straight forward.
and very simple in a sense, it lacks any theoretical pretensions and that allowed him to think or see things as they are.
And accordingly, he responded to the situation and therefore, he considered nation and nationalism as it emerged in the west.
And he thought that the nationalism that emerged in the west was product of the historical condition and circumstances of the west which is absent in India.
And if we blindly, imitate and follow such idea and apply it in the Indian context, the outcome will be very destructive.
And therefore, he believed that it is a passing phase of history and not necessarily, the inevitable one.
So, his faith was in the larger march of humanity and human civilization rather than any particularities of nation or nationalism or any other ethno, ethnic particularities and specificities.
So, he realized the larger, overall march of humanity towards universal humanity, global solidarity rather than based on any narrow.
conception of nation or nationalism.
So, he wanted Indians not to follow that path which in his opinion lead to lot of destruction, bloodshed and violence in western countries, which influence the whole world.
And therefore, he thought that India can better develop its character, its own identity even without following the path of nationalism.
And that is something very interesting and why will, why Rabindranath Tagore.
becomes such a fascinating intellectual.
We will discuss when we will discuss his views on cosmopolitanism, where contrary to many other scholars, in his opinion, cosmopolitanism is something which is not absence of any particularities or once on tradition or inheritance.
But his views on cosmopolitanism is actually flourishes or emerged out of one's view.
deep engagement in his or her particular culture or tradition.
So, that is very fascinating in Tagore.
So, therefore, even on developing India and its Indian character, he believed that one can develop it in a better way taking into account the cultural sensibility of India rather than blindly imitating an idea which emerged in the modern west and which is very problematic and contrary.
to the human cooperation and solidarity.
So, that we have discussed.
Today, we are going to discuss critique of Tagore's views on nationalism and his views on cosmopolitanism.
In the next lecture, we are going to discuss his views on idea of men and also, the debate between Gandhi and Tagore.
So, if you look at the critique of Rabindranath Tagore views on nationalism, we find he invited a lot of criticism not among his own fellow countrymen including Gandhi and many other leaders in India, Sridhar Das, but also, a lot of foreign scholars strongly criticized Tagore for his views on nationalism.
First, we find that his strong opposition to nationalism from several western intellectuals.
even like George Lucas and D H Lawrence and many others believed his views on nationalism is too poetic, too simple to understand the nuances, to understand the historicity of this idea or the historical relevance of this idea.
So, in Lucas' criticism, what he writes about Tagore is that, he was a wholly insignificant figure who survives by sticking scraps of the Upanishads and Bhagavad Gita into his works amid the sluggish flow of his tediousness.
So, basically, this criticism against Tagore views on nationalism is a kind of nostalgic or deeper association or affiliation with India's Upanishadic or Bhagavad Gita and other text which Rabindranath Tagore followed.
And in Lukas's opinion which is like Tagore because of his association with this Upanishadic ideals and Bhagavad Gita and its ideals, he really failed to understand the contemporary or his own historical time and the necessity of ideas, the problems or the challenges that society in his time is facing.
And then, using an idea which is there in the ancient time or in ancient India and seeking to revive it or reapply it in solving the contemporary problems.
Lucas and many others find such ideas very problematic and they also, believe that therefore, Tagore do not have as much influence as perhaps say Gandhi and many other pragmaticists have.
There may be a variance in the proportion of criticism against Tagore, but many other scholars also, argued that Tagore somewhat remain in his in his poetic intellectual realm aloof or somewhat indifferent to the political happenings.
That is perhaps true to some extent and he did not really actively participate like say Gandhi, Nehru and many other thinkers did.
But his experimentation in Santhi Niketan and intellectual engagement with these debates are something, which remains fascinating and shaped the consciousness of modern Indian.
self or that is why he remains one of the prominent modern Indian thinker.
And through Tagore Gandhi, we can better understand the debates that was going on during the anti-colonial struggles in India.
Like Partha Chatterjee and many others have argued about this unpragmatic or idealistic approach in Tagore when it comes to solving many social and political challenges.
And that makes him eluph and Ravindranath Tagore was himself aware of such unique or eluphness in his political position or intellectual position on some of the debates and we have discussed it in our previous lecture.
So, for Lucas, because of this sticking or associating with the Upanishadic and other ideals and trying to revive such ideals and trying to use such ideals to solve contemporary problems was a bit problematic for Lucas.
Similarly, Lawrence the his famous views that East is East and West is West and never those shall meet.
So, with that kind of understanding which Tagore criticized and certainly, after Edward Said work on Orientalism, we understand the political part of this kind of knowledge production and creation of binary between two kinds of hegemonic block East and West which is which is very plural, which is layered, which is very different heterogeneous.
And then, you in the heuristic principle in terms of knowledge production, you create two blocks and then try to compare between the two which help in sustaining the colonial rule or imperialism.
So, what we find in Tagore was a kind of critique of such kind of elopeness, such kind of differentiation between East and West.
But according to Lawrence, he himself gets entrapped in this binary of East and West and trying to ensure some kind of dialogue between the two which is very problematic in the words of Lawrence.
So, we also, find is that Tagore's views on nationalism was criticized by many of his Indian colleagues and contemporaries as well.
And their critique is like Tagore's.
completely, miss this liberating potential of nationalism.
And therefore, they argued that Tagoreís views on nationalism is hopelessly, romantic and even illogical.
Now, this is very interesting point to think about where as I have said in my previous lecture, there have been different waves of nationalism.
So, when Tagore, Gandhi and many other Indian leaders were engaged in anti-colonial struggle, that was the third wave.
of nationalism and nationalism has many aspects to it.
Tagore's understanding was a kind of intellectual engagement with this idea of nationalism, devoid of the practical or the immediate historical circumstances of his time, necessity of his time.
And therefore, these thinkers believed that.
It is the luxury for a thinker like Tagore to detach himself from the contemporary requirement or necessity of his countrymen and think about or imagine a world which will be free from all kind of nationalistic, particularistic thinking.
But for many leaders and thinkers who were involved in day-to-day politics, they thought they are necessary.
or their liberating potential in the nationalism which one cannot ignore.
And therefore, in their opinion, Tagore's views on nationalism remains very romantic and even illogical.
So, despite of so many evils which we have discussed through Tagore in the idea of nationalism, nationalism also develops some solidarity.
It has certain cultural roots where people are willing to die for their country.
So, that strength comes not just by some kind of mechanical.
construct of an idea.
Unless these ideas have some cultural psychological roots and that makes the idea of nationalism relevant even for our contemporary times.
And in many countries, we see the priority of our nation, priority of nation over the other nations.
So, America first, India first and such ideas are reflection of such understanding of nation and nationalism, which continues to resonate our contemporary times.
So, when we were fighting the British, many Indian thinkers believed that the nationalism and India.
can contribute in the global community only, when it achieves political freedom or assert its national identity independent from any foreign rule.
And therefore, in their opinion, that idea of nationalism has enormous liberating potentials, which Tagore seems to completely miss.
So, like C.R.
Das points out the contradiction in poetís thinking, he pointed out that true assimilation of peopleís culture could not occur without achieving national independence as suggested by Tagore.
So, Tagore wanted to develop a solidarity which is not fragmented in the narrow domestic walls of nation, nationalism or any other kind of particularities.
So, he was talking about universal humanity, the solidarity, the new man, new moral modern We will discuss about his views on idea of man.
That man is not guided or restricted by his or her narrow nationalistic obligation or morality or ethics.
That man consider himself for self as a part of larger global universal self and therefore, he believed that nationalism is a kind of obstruction in such ideas.
But contrary to such view, Sridhar Das, Chaitanya Das argues that there is the contradiction in poetís thinking where you cannot have assimilation of peopleís culture.
without having the national independence, without achieving the national independence.
So, true dialogue will happen only, when you when a nation has independence, political independence.
Without political independence to think of true dialogue, true assimilation is illogical or a kind of wishful thinking for many other thinkers and they find it very contradictory.
So, this is the contradiction including Gandhi, we will discuss in the next lecture.
Now, they further argued that a nation might find its proper place in the family of nations only when it achieved an identity.
What would be that identity?
That is something, we need to seriously think about and through that understand or analyze Tagore's views on nationalism.
So, therefore, it is irrational to think of gaining international unity without attaining national identity.
When a group of nation or different cultures tries to develop universal harmony, universal cooperation, that harmony and cooperation.
or assimilation of differences will not be possible unless one attain or achieve an identity.
And that identity at a collective level cannot be caste, cannot be religion, cannot be ethnicity, it has to be a nation or national identity.
So, many of these leaders believe that to attain international unity, international cooperation or universal solidarity, they there is a necessary or necessity to achieve national identity in the first place.
So, what we find is in his approach or views on nationalism, Tagore was too poetic in his analysis on nationalism and he did not take into account the various historical forces, especially, new forms of nationalist imaginaries like newspapers, novels, textbooks in the age of print capitalism.
So, perhaps, there is some limitation in terms of assessing the historical forces which enables such kind of imaginaries to be constructed in the first place.
So, in Tagore and his engagement with these ideas of nationalism and as we have discussed in previous lecture that Tagore was a unique political thinker.
His social and political thought is very different from many other Indian political thinkers precisely, because of his poetic.
or idealistic approach to politics and society which makes him similar to many thinkers certainly, like Aurobindo Ghos, Mahatma Gandhi and many other modern Indian thinkers.
But in terms of influence, in terms of actually, shaping the pragmatic politics, Rabindranath Tagore remains somewhat aloof, somewhat uniquely positioned in terms of the larger political historical developments that were taking place in India and in the world.
So, one of the criticisms that can that is labeled against Tagore is that because of his poetic approach, he fails to understand the historical forces.
And these historical forces certainly, I have taken from Benedict Anderson who considers or who defines nationalism as an imagined political communities.
And this imagined political communities are not become possible because there are new developments especially, through print capitalism which leads to a standardization of language and the language enables and cut across this time and space develop a horizontal solidarity.
Because millions of people not meeting each other in their physical life.
can imagine themselves in their psychological world, in their mind space with millions of others whom they will never interact, but they can develop a solidarity and emotional bonding with them and that is enabled through the print capitalism.
So, Rabindranath Tagore and in his assessment on nationalism, we see that he really do not engage with the historical forces or the historical circumstances which enables and which necessitates this kind of imaginaries to become possible.
Now, the other criticism that can be labeled against Tagore's views on nationalism is his over emphasis, in fact, obsession with this engagement with East and West.
And the best example of such engagement and dialogue is his educational experiment in Shantiniketan.
So, his obsession with this East-West encounter and collective progress of mankind seriously, take the issue of he was too engaged with this encounter or encounter with East and West and progress of one common humanity.
to seriously take the issue of nationalism.
And this dialogue or encounter with East and West remains his ideal and therefore, he thought of nationalism a kind of obstruction, a kind of restriction to this global universal cooperation to flourish, to emerge.
And that is why perhaps, he somewhat underestimated the liberating potential of nationalism or necessity of nationalism for a country fighting imperial rule.
And the other point is his alternative programs to nationalism like cooperatives which he initiated in many parts of rural Bengal and Swadeshi Samaj failed to energize the masses and its success were also very limited.
So, that is the other criticism of Tagore.
So, in place of nationalism or nationalistic kind of ideology, he favoured cooperation among the people for their economic betterment, economic improvement or Swadeshi Samaj to to replace the hierarchy of caste and creed among the people and to develop some kind of solidity do not really energize the people enough.
And they were deeply influenced and shaped by the new fervor of nation and nationalism in India.
So, that is the some of the criticism on Tagore's views on nationalism, but as we are aware, that nationalism necessarily lead to conflict, violence and we have seen time and again the war, conflict and the violence perpetuated in the name of national superiority and some examples were too brutal to even explain such like Nazi German or fascism which take the nationalism to a very different level of .
all encompassing control or regimentation of thought and individual lives.
So, nationalism has dark side of it and Tagore was well ahead of his time to understand or to express his reservation or his criticism of nationalism, even when nationalism has some kind of universal acceptance, not just in the anti-colonial countries fighting the imperial west, but also, in the west itself.
So, Tagore remains in his intellectual engagement with nationalism much ahead of his time, but in the historical circumstances which shaped the politics of his own country say India, his influence was somewhat lesser than say the influence of leaders like Gandhi, Nehru and many others.
Now, we move to his views on cosmopolitanism and that is something which is the cherished ideals of Rabindranath Tagore.
And contemporary times also, the challenges that we are facing, say whether it is global warming or threat of nuclear warfare or global terrorism or hunger or starvation or death from something which is curable, curable diseases.
So, the issue of sustainable development.
That requires global cooperation, global ethics and these challenges cannot be tackled by any country or a group of country even if it is very powerful economically and militarily.
It requires global cooperation, global association among the nation.
So, cosmopolitan ideals are very relevant in contemporary times, but these ideals are not new.
So, in the Greek time or in the Roman time and also, in ancient Indian ideals of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam, these ideals of world as a one family or this contemporary phase of globalization certainly makes this ideal more profound, more relevant than it was in any previous phase of human history.
Because of the challenge is that our contemporary global world is facing which requires.
which necessitates global cooperation and different countries coming together.
So, Tagore was more for such global cooperation, global ethics and developing a kind of ethics or morality which will transcend the particularities of nation and nationalism.
So, I will begin his views on cosmopolitanism with this.
with this phrase or quotation from Tagore, where he says that he who sees all beings in his self and his self in all the beings does not hate anyone and knows the truth.
So, that is the basis of his philosophy, his philosophy of self, his views on self which he explained as a being which transcend his own particularity, his own local circumstances, cultural or traditional setup and include all the beings in his self and his self in the all beings.
So, that complete immersion of self in the other or in the other human being allow that individual not to hate the other, but to develop a kind of mutual trust, dialogue and love that is the basis for human cooperation, human solidarity that Tagore believes and nationalism or any other kind of particularities obstruct such mutual trust.
cooperation, dialogue or trust to emerge.
So, he believes that the one who sees all beings in his self and his self in the all beings does not hate anyone and knows the truth and that is the fundamental truth.
So, Tagore despite of so many wars, conflicts, world wars, violence and all kind of mechanical repetition of everyday life remain hopeful and that hope was in.
cooperation, in universal solidarity, universal manhood or universal humanity.
And that was for him the truth of human existence, not the war, not the conflict, not the hate with others which is somewhat fanned by this nationalist forward and he wanted this kind of man to emerge.
So, Ravindranath Tagore, he was a very famous man.
offers a new cosmopolitan many scholars like Martha Sinusbaum argues that social and political thought in Tagore enables us to criticize patriotism and in place of that develop a cosmopolitan imaginary.
And we will discuss more on that.
So, what we find in Tagore's views on cosmopolitanism is the possibility or enabling of developing this cosmopolitan imaginaries for our 21st century world and he was articulating it in the very beginning or the first two three decades of 20th century.
So, this cosmopolitan modernity which is there in Tagore is radical departure from many of his contemporaries which were deeply engaged with the national question or the question of nationality.
So, he was a departure for such kind of.
such kind of thinking.
He advocated a form of cosmopolitanism which is the idea that all human being is a world citizen and owe primary allegiance to the world community.
So, the moral obligation of human being is not to his or her own community or nation, but to a global community which is the humanity at large.
And Tagore wanted to develop that kind of solidarity, that kind of universal humanity.
And therefore, many scholars like Martha Sinusbaum as I have said believed that the social and political thought of Tagore can be a very solid basis to develop cosmopolitan imaginaries in the 21st century.
Now, he wanted to go beyond the nationalism to a global cosmopolitanism and transcending the cultural boundaries is required to develop this universal human.
So, that transcending the limitation.
of particularities or nation is required to develop this global cosmopolitan universal humanity.
So, again, to quote from Tagore, he writes, neither the colourless vagueness of cosmopolitanism nor the fire self-idolatry of nation worship is the goal of human history.
And India has been trying to accomplish her task through social regulation of differences.
on the one hand and the spiritual recognition of unity on the other.
Now, that encapsulates his thought on cosmopolitanism, where he believes that the colourless vagueness.
So, to explain you this idea on cosmopolitanism, many people argue that cosmopolitanism can be defined as an imaginary which not just transcend the local or the national, but also emerge in absence of such local or national.
So, the other way to put it is to say that a kind of detachment, a kind of moral, emotional, psychological detachment from oneís roots.
So, for many liberal scholars like Kantian abstraction or Stoics philosophers, cosmopolitanism or cosmopolitan person is someone who do not belong or remain attached to a particular national, local, cultural community set up and imagine himself, develop the emotional or psychological outlook to consider himself as a global citizen.
completely detached from any kind of particularities.
Tagore is questioning against such kind of colourless vagueness of cosmopolitanism on the one hand and the fire self-idolatry of nation worship on the other.
So, the other side of this kind of imagination is the fires worshipping of national identity.
And he believed that both of these extreme opposites is actually contrary to the global goal of human history.
And he believed that this global cosmopolitan attitude and imaginary is possible when one is willing.
to live with the difference, adjust with the difference and develop a common unity.
So, he thought or he believed that India can play a significant role in regulating its own differences and also, understanding the spiritual unity or recognition of this spiritual unity as its necessary or inevitable goal.
And that kind of approach towards India's position in international set up or in a global community of nation, you will find in many other thinkers as well, be it Nehru, Gandhi, Raja Ram Mohan Roy and many, Aurobindo Ghosh, many others believed in this unity of mankind, a spiritual unity.
So, the country remains different, they represent their own self, their own identity, but they have to ultimately, recognize the necessity of global cooperation to tackle many of the global challenges.
Tagore believes that India can and should manage these social differences as well as understand this spiritual unity.
And he further writes in developing this unity in his work The Way to Unity that I have come to feel that mind which has been matured in the atmosphere of profound knowledge of its own country and of the perfect thoughts that have been produced in that land is ready to accept and assimilate the cultures that come from other countries.
Now, here he is making a departure from many other cosmopolitan imagination or thinking, whereas For him, the role or significance of oneís own tradition, oneís own inheritance are equally important for developing the cosmopolitan imagination or developing universal solidarity and to understand the other culture and assimilate the other culture, accommodate the other culture.
So, for him, the knowledge of oneís own country.
So, for Tagore, cosmopolitanism is not negation.
of oneís own culture, oneís own tradition, but to develop a sensibility which is immersed in oneís own culture and tradition and yet open or flexible to accommodate and accept from the other culture and other tradition.
And that way, one can think of developing the global cooperation and universal solidarity.
He spoke of the intellectual union of tradition of East and the West.
culture.
And he wanted that the best of each culture should compensate inadequacy in the other culture.
So, in Tagore, it is not the absence of oneís own tradition, oneís own culture.
But oneís identity is shaped by this thing, their own culture, their own tradition and yet they are willing to accommodate and learn from other culture.
And this mutual trust and in counter in Tagoreís opinion will help in solving the inadequacy in any other particular culture or individual culture.
So, that way, the different cultures or adjustment with different cultures will lead to mutual give and take, mutual dialogue and it will enrich or strengthen the global solidarity or global attitude and sensibilities which cannot be be developed on this mechanical, a statistic, a statist approach to global world or global cosmopolitan world.
So, Tagore was someone who also emphasized the contribution of non-Western culture which is denied by many Western thinkers and their Europeanization of world.
So, the West is not a kind of geographical expression, but it is there in the intellectual, psychological world of non-Western countries and societies.
Tagore believed in this contribution of non-Western cultures in developing such global cosmopolitan thinking and tradition.
So, it continues from what we are just discussing that the knowledge of particular cultural tradition is the basis for understanding others and it can help in relating others morally.
So, oneís own culture, the particular culture Tagore is not negating or undermining, but he considered it as a building block as a basis to understand other morally or interact with others in a more accommodative way which help in removing the suspicion and mistrust.
and one way dialogue and discussion.
So, for Tagore, cosmopolitanism does not derive its justification through the theoretical contemplation of abstractions.
So, as I was saying many thinkers like Kant, Kingdom of Ends and many others theorized what or Rousseau theorized about this cosmopolitan attitude and sensibilities by abstracting the concepts, the question of cosmopolitan sensibilities.
But for Tagore, it is a kind of practical way of achieving that solidarity and I think in Tagore, one can find the resources.
for developing such practical sensibilities or approach to develop cosmopolitan imaginary.
So, it is not the abstraction, but a kind of achievable in the real practical world by understanding one's particular culture, but willing to understand the others and also, then giving and taking in the mutual trust and cooperation.
So, for Tagore, the motivation to be a cosmopolitan.
is ultimately, grounded in the existential orientation, a way of being in the world and that way of being in the world is also to be rooted in oneís own culture.
And that is why his views on cosmopolitanism is also considered as a rooted cosmopolitanism.
So, he travelled the world, he understand and develop a dialogue or friendship with other culture, other continents, other individuals.
but remain deeply and emotionally connected with his own native land Bengal or India.
So, that he does not see as an obstruction or as a problem.
So, loving one culture, immersing oneself with oneís culture, understanding its thought, developing oneís sensibility from their own culture is in no way an obstruction to develop a global cosmopolitan approach and outlook that is something very unique in the Tagoreís views on cosmopolitanism.
And his faith in the essential unity of mankind influences vision about the historic battle of the nationalism of the East against the imperialism of the West.
And that is perhaps his obsession and belief and he was so convinced about this human unity or unity of the humankind that he somewhat undermined the historical role of nationalism in the East.
East to fight the imperialism of the West that was going on in many Asian and African countries.
Now, Tagoreís cosmopolitanism is also in part a consequence of his philosophical and historiographical conviction that social life cannot be reductively captured by the statist conception of history.
So, he believed as we have discussed in previous lecture, the problem of India is not political, but a social problem and that social problem cannot be tackled by.
the state and its intervention or mechanical approach.
But by developing the solidarity based on the cultural sensibility of the people and the idea of Sodeyashisamaj and other things is reflection of such approach.
So, what we find is Tagoreís peerless thinking on the philosophical underpinnings of cosmopolitanism at the level of pratyahik that means, everydayness resonates with great force in a world that is simultaneously wrapped by the Contrary attitudes of globalization and various forms of particularism.
So, in contemporary times, we find this kind of tussle, this kind of opposition or contradiction between the global forces of capital, goods, sensibilities, movement, social movement on the one hand and assertion of particularities on the other.
And that makes Tagore's views on cosmopolitanism even more relevant today than it was when he was writing in articulating his thought.
So, indeed, the future of the planet rests upon how well we can mediate between these two opposite polarities that is there in the world.
So, some scholars called Tagore as rooted or realistic cosmopolitanism.
rather than someone merely contemplating or abstracting his thought on cosmopolitanism.
Which means that those who respect the variety of tradition and nationalities, but also, believe in the universal values that all people in all countries should accept and that is the way to understand Tagoreís cosmopolitan universality.
So, his cosmopolitan universality is not to reject the particular culture, particular nationalities.
But to understand that particular sensibilities and develop to and not to ignore, underestimate the universal value of universal solidarity or the unity of human civilization.
And that is the way for developing cosmopolitan universality and makes him more applicable and relevant than those who are merely contemplating about cosmopolitan thought and imagination.
So, finally, for Tagore, underpinning the cosmopolitan sensibility.
raised a poetics of humility flagging the limits of the human when faced with the world's seemingly limitless diversity.
The recognition of limits caused the cosmopolitan desire to emerge.
So, that is he believes something which is natural flow of human imagination, human solidarity which may begin with their own particular cultural national outlook, but it will ultimately emerge in a global cosmopolitan universal.
So, that is our views on Tagore's understanding of cosmopolitanism and why he remains a very significant thinker, not just for his views on criticism or views on nationalism, but also, due to his acute or correct understanding of cosmopolitanism as a way forward.
forward for the world and understanding the unity of humankind as the basis or the real truth and that should develop on trust, love or mutual cooperation.
And he considered nationalism or obsession with the nationalism as an obstruction to such kind of cooperation to emerge.
And on this point, one needs, it is interesting to note that he predicted in 1920s or 30s, this possible cooperation between the fighting nation of Europe.
So, when one of his friend asked him about how he can remain so peaceful in the circumstances when the world is fighting or engaged in so much of conflicts and violence.
Tagore was deeply influenced by that question and then he responded that this is merely a kind of passing phase of human history and ultimately, the nation of the world will realize the necessity of cooperation to tackle the individual and the collective problem.
So, on this views on cosmopolitanism, you can look at some of these works like Ramachandra Guha and Pantham.
We have been following it in many of the lectures.
For this views on cosmopolitanism, you can particularly, look at Rustam Barucha, another A.C.R.
Ravindranath Tagore and Okakura Tenshin.
And also, this very interesting work by Sachidanand Mohanty and his chapter on the world in a the cosmopolitanism of Ravindranath Tagore.
This chapter is from his book on cosmopolitan modernity in early 20th century India.
And also, Ashish Nandy, the illegitimacy of nationalism, Ravindranath Tagore and his politics of self, you can look at.
And also, a very interesting article on Tagore's conception of cosmopolitanism by Sarnindranath Tagore.
So, these are some of the readings on Tagore's views on cosmopolitanism.
And if you have any questions, comments, please feel free to write.
Thank you.
Hello everyone, today in this lecture, we are going to discuss our next thing, which 起こしていく that is Rabindranath Tagore and we will be looking at his views on nationalism, cosmopolitanism and also, his ideas on men.
In today's lecture, we will be basically, looking at the intellectual or the historical political context in which Rabindranath Tagore, a more or less poet, a literary figure engaged with the major debates in the politics of his time.
So, we will situate Rabindranath Tagore and his thought in the larger context of intellectual and political happenings.
debate and discussion taking place in the India of that time and some of the challenges that world as a whole was facing.
So, we will situate Rabindranath Tagore in the larger intellectual political context and also, then examine or describing in this lecture, his views on nationalism.
So, Rabindranath Tagore is a very prominent or intellectual giant in modern Indian political thought.
But then, he is a very straightforward, simple articulation of many complex issues that India and world was facing and he is very relevant even for our contemporary times.
So, just to understand his straightforwardness and clarity on many of the issue that he was engaged with and India and the world was facing.
This comes from his unpretendedness or any theoretical baggage.
So, he saw the problem largely through his own experience, through his own observation, through his widely, he was perhaps, the most travelled Indian of his generation in the words of Ramachandra Varguha.
So, through these experiences, he saw the problem as it is without not using any theoretical pretensions or presumptions and that gives some clarity in his thought and thinking.
And that is very significant about Rabindranath Tagore and why he is still relevant that we can understand from the contemporary debates that is going on in India on nationalism.
What is nationalism?
How far or on what ground we should all feel genuinely patriotic?
and have pride on a nation or a geographical territory.
Is it a geographical territory or it is something more than that?
Is it an idea?
And if it is an idea, how that idea is very different from this geographical entity and on that basis, all kind of xenophobic populist ideas or ideas on nation and nationalism.
So many of you are might be familiar that in last year, there was a debate in India on nationalism or anti-nationalism or you know patriotic or less patriotic or less nationalism.
So, all kind of debates surrounds around nationalism which is still very relevant.
But Rabindranath Tagore was someone who was who provide or who provided the critique of not a kind of nationalism whether it is Indian or British or French or US or Japan or Chinese.
But he was, he provided the theoretical critique to the whole idea of nationalism itself.
That is something very significant in Rabindranath Tagore and yet, he was someone who wrote the anthem for two nations, India and Bangladesh and also, his writings influenced while there was composition of Sri Lankan national anthem going on.
So, there is a kind of uniqueness about Rabindranath Tagore when it comes to nation and nationalism.
We will discuss it in today's lecture.
So, in contemporary times, the way there is a projection of nation as a kind of powerful or all appropriating ideal which is very problematic.
And then, once you make something too sacred, too overpowering, then you deny, you undermine some other alternative possibilities, opinions and ideas on nation.
So, that way, nation which has and why nation and nationalism remain a powerful force in modern history, precisely, because of its cultural roots one and second, cultural psychological roots among the people, among the communities and second, because of its liberating potentials.
So, it transcends the other kind of descriptive identities be it caste, race, family, clan, ethnicity, language.
So, nation tries to bind people.
together to develop a kind of horizontal solidarity.
So, that is the, so there are different waves of nationalism started in Europe and also, in Latin American countries and then the third world anti-colonial movements during that phase of nationalism, it provided the platform and potentialities to liberate the suppressed or colonized community from the oppressive rule of the colonized or imperialist power.
or imperialist power.
So, nationalism has very powerful, powerful liberating potential in itself.
Now, the other side of nationalism was it also leads to violence, it also lead to imperial war which is also known as World War I and II largely, because of the competing or competitive imperialist power guided by their national narrow limited interest.
at the cost of larger global or interest of the humanity as such.
So, Rabindranath Tagore and his engagement with nationalism through his travels, through his observation was a result of looking at these both sides of nationalism and then he presented his views.
Again, in contemporary times, there is this tendency to project nationalism as all powerful.
idea immune from all kind of scrutinies or challenges that is something which is problematic.
And many people in contemporary times also, arguing about such definitions, such articulation of nationalism.
Ravindranath Tagore was once which he wrote in 1970, when in India or in many third world, eastern African countries nationalism was a very powerful idea.
So, that makes Ravindranath Tagore a very powerful modern Indian political thinker and as I said his simplicity.
So, his unpretentious approach to the challenges and the problem India and world was facing makes him something even more fascinating to read and discuss.
So, now, if you look at Ravindranath Tagore and his personal political involvement in the challenges of the India, he was the youngest among the 14 sons of Ravindranath Tagore who himself was a leader of Brahma Samaj.
And if you remember, the Brahma Samaj was established by Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And it projected the monistic ideals of worship following the new or in a sense, modern interpretation of Upanishads.
And Tagore's family was deeply engaged with such kind of reinterpretation of Vedas and Upanishads.
Even his great-grandfather Dwarkarnath Tagore was closely associated with Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And his father Devanath Tagore was a leader of Brahma Samaj and that enables him to have from the very beginning from his childhood to engage with many reformist ideals of modern Bengal.
So, his learning was mostly done at home and when he was 17, he was sent to England for formal schooling which he could not complete and came back to India.
In later years, he of course, continued with the Jamindari that his family had and that enables him to understand the plights of the masses and also, the oppressive nature of the Jamindari system which he in his later years completely, dissociated himself from.
But what he also did after coming from England and starting his family or associating himself with the family Jamindari system, he started an experimental school in Shantiniketan, which becomes the platform or site for many of his ideals and he experimented.
the schooling from the early childhood to the higher level and it continues to practice many of his teachings in many contemporary times.
So, he experimented his model of education which is largely derived from Upanishadic ideals.
As I was saying that Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his contribution to the religious reforms and interpretation of many Upanishadic has a great influence in modern Bengali intelligence here and great-grandfathers and father of Tagore was closely influenced and associated with the Ram Mohan Roy family.
And that allowed him to think about modern education by following the Upanishadic ideals which he started in Shantiniketan.
What we find in Tagore is a very interesting combination or in a sense, his sensitive nature allowed him to understand different situations, human circumstances, human dilemmas, more like a literary person as a poet, as a novelist.
But he also, engaged with the many political challenges which we will discuss.
So, what we find in Tagore that he was a prolific and accomplished poet and many scholars argue that Tagore was more like a poet philosopher and certainly, a reluctant political philosopher so to say.
So, he was a prolific and accomplished poet.
novelist, essayist, painter and playwright.
So, he combined all genres of literary creative exercise and he expressed his views in different platforms, in different ways as a poet, novelist, essayist, painter, playwright or he composed many musics as well.
So, in his native Bengal, he was an early success.
From the very early childhood, he attained a great success in his native Bengal.
And through the translation of his works, he soon attained fame in the west also.
So, Eliot certainly played a very significant role in making his translation or his work available and widely read or familiar in the west as well.
So, this fame in the west eventually, enabled him to visit and deliver lecture in different parts of the world.
And that is why it is also said that he was the widely travelled Indian of his generation.
So, he travelled almost all continents, all parts of the world and engaged with the intellectuals, developed friendship, developed a kind of dialogue between East and West that he was envisioning.
So, he visited and delivered the lectures in different parts of the world and then there is a kind of representation through Tagore.
So, for the world, Tagore represented the voice of a spiritual India.
or what Ramachandra Guha called an oriental guru.
So, in the eyes of the world, the way Rabindranath Tagore is received in the world is more like a spiritual voice from India or an oriental guru.
But for Indians and especially, for his native Bengali speakers, he became a great living institution in himself.
So, he did a lot of experimentation not just in his literary works, but also, in actual practical practices.
challenges that his country or the world was facing.
So, the Shantiniketan, Sriniketan is some of the great visionary works that he did.
So, that is a kind of representation of Tagore.
For the world, he is a spiritual voice representing India and seem as an oriental guru, but for Indians and for.
his natives, he was a kind of institution in himself.
Now, this makes or this situates Rabindranath in a very unique situation, where he was engaging deeply with the political debates, but reluctant to participate in the active politics of his time.
So, he has a kind of very specific location even within his own country and which he narrates in many of his autobiographical or letters to his friends.
So, he understood his position especially, when he is criticizing the whole idea of nationalism, even when nationalism was becoming a mass politics or taking a form of mass politics under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi which we will discuss later.
So, Tagore has a very unique location within India and also, for the world.
Now what we find is Tagore made a significant contribution to the development of Indian philosophy in the early 20th century, but he is lesser known as a political philosopher.
As I was saying that he is more in the world of poetry, novels.
paintings, composing musics and other kind of expression, experimentation and all and less or a reluctant kind of political philosopher.
But whatever he has wrote, certainly, his essay on nationalism is a very profound writing and very fascinating read to understand.
Now to give his personal achievement, in 1913, he was the first non-European to win the Nobel Prize in Literature which was given to him for his composition.
which is called Gitanjali.
And Gitanjali is a text which is widely read and it forms the consciousness not just for modern Indian consciousness or selfhood, but also, many other individuals in many parts of the world continue to learn, continue to read his Gitanjali and it is cited as one of the most widely read text of modern time.
So, for Gitanjali, he was given this Nobel Prize in 1913.
And his other works which is enumerous, there is more than 18,000 pages of his writings in Bengali and in his translation in English and in many other things, one can well understand the influence or the geographical reach of Rabindranath Tagore in different parts of the world.
So, the other important works for our purpose is Gora and Ghaura Bhaira.
So, through the novel, also he was engaging with the political situation and political challenges in India.
Now, as I was saying that his composition were chosen by the two nations for their national anthems in India, the Janagamman, he composed in 1911 and there is a controversy about this song.
Many people are arguing, many people have argued that this he composed for George V visiting India.
But that is not the case and he himself clarified such apprehension in his later two anthems.
to his friends that he has written it as he has written many other poems or songs.
And that was something which came out of his sensibility, his understanding, the kind of engagement which he was having in his own intellectual mind, mind escape and then it comes as a kind of spontaneous utterance from his deeper psychological, mental engagement with some of the challenges that he was facing.
In Ravindranath Tagore, many of his poems composition is that is why very simple, full of clarity without any kind of theoretical presumptions or assumptions.
So, Janagan Mann which becomes the National Anthem of India was composed by Tagore even when he is very critical of nationalism be it Indian or any other kind of nationalism.
And Bangladesh Amar Sonar Bangla, so these two anthems is composed by.
Tagore himself and he influenced the composition of National Endowment of Sri Lanka as well.
So, if we look at basically, his time, what we find is Tagore although was a poet continuing with his family Jamindari system, yet he was taking active participation at least in the initial years in the politics of his time.
So, way back in 1875 in Hindu Mela or Marg Mela, he had active participation and also, in the Kolkata session of Indian National Congress in 1886.
1896 and 1906, he was actively associated and take active participation in that session.
Even in the Bengal Provincial Congress in Nattur in 1897 and Pavnai in 1908 becomes the kind of preparatory ground for him to play a prominent role during the agitation against the partition of Bengal 1905, 1900 to 1905.
And this is the Swadesi movement which actually, which was the beginning.
of his understanding, his engagement with some of the powerful ideas such as nationalism and politics is combined with religion.
And way back in 1875 itself, through a very lesser known princely state in Tripura, he narrated, he engaged with this powerful or unholy alliance between state power and the religion and that alliance enables a lot of undesired, unintended problem and challenges for the society.
So, he was intellectually, deeply engaged with this idea of combination of politics with the religion and this xenophobic tendency in any popular movement.
And from Sodeyashri, also he gradually distanced himself and ghaura baira.
great debates of his time.
And certainly, in one of our lecture, we will discuss his debates with Gandhi and mass politics or non-cooperation movement that was happening in India.
We will touch here some part of it, but we will discuss in detail in one of our lecture.
So, many debates, he engaged with was the boycott of western goods.
So, many Swadesi reporters were arguing about or Gandhi certainly, boycott of foreign goods, foreign clothes, foreign textiles and other things or western education.
the pristine value of Indian culture and the curse of aggressive nationalism.
So, these are some of the debates which occupied him intellectually for the long time.
And he although, not directly, involved in the day-to-day politics of tactical mass politics or anti-colonial struggle but he was very critical of the foreign rule in India.
And that kind of attachment with the nationalist cause and yet critical of many evil or what he considered irrational.
practices in nationalism makes him a unique modern Indian political thinkers which was regarded by all the nationalist thinkers and yet he remains critical to many of their policies and political agitations.
So, and he remained a strong critic of British rule, British rule in India.
He wanted India to decide its own destiny, to decide its own.
fate without any dependence on any foreign rule, British or other countries.
So, especially, when in 1919, the Jallianwala Bagh massacre happened, he renounced his knighthood which was given to him by Lord Handings in 1915.
And along with his countrymen, he joined the protest against this brutal act of or completely unjust act of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre.
or undefensible act of British administration in India.
So, that shows a kind of relationship Tagore had with the practical, political challenges that India was facing, where he was aloof or maintain a distance from the active practical, political.
agitations and yet associated himself with condemning some of the brutal activities of British like Jallianwala massacre in 1919.
And intellectually, he remained deeply engaged with some of the challenges of India and the world as well.
So, some of the condition that pushed the poet.
As I was saying, that Tagore was more kind of poet philosopher to the political arena is one that he belonged to one of the leading and most affluent Jamindari families of Bengal.
So, starting from Dwarkarnath Tagore and Rabindranath Tagore and their household was involved in not just the social religious reforms movement that was started by Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
But they also, had a stake in many business including Jamindari and money lending or other similar activities.
So, Rabindranath belonged to a leading and affluent Jamindari families of Bengal.
And as a practitioner of Jamindari, he could sense because of the sensitivity, he had developed from his childhood, the cruelty that is associated with the system and this made him genuinely apologetic embarrassed about the whole system of Jamindari and which he gradually, come to believe and asserted in many of his writings.
And he believed that Jamindariís claim to represent the interest of the people was simply flawed because there cannot be.
a genuine or proper dialogue or understanding of each other in a relationship of master and slave.
So, he was very critical of an apologetic about the whole Jamindari system and he gradually, and eventually, become critical of it and eventually, dissociated himself with the whole system of Jamindari.
But that comes much later, but he developed the criticism as he continued with the.
continue to look after the Jamindaris that his family hold.
So, he was very critical of Jamindaris system and he was also, very critical of the narrow opportunism and utter slavishness that he found in many so-called intelligentsia within the congress.
He was very critical of their opportunism and also, slavishness and he believed that this group, the so-called intelligentsia within the congress.
really had no constructive ideal.
And therefore, he took upon himself and considered it his moral responsibility and patriotic duty to save the country from the political deception of this self-styled political leaders of his time.
So, this opportunistic and slavish nature of many political leaders or self-designated political leaders of his time makes him more critical.
of the activities of the congress.
And many of the techniques and the form of political agitation adopted by congress and its many leaders including Gandhi, Rabindranath has serious difference with such political agitation and political tactics.
So, he was against the idea of revolting is the symbolic, sporadic and short lived promises of self-sufficiency held out by the Charkha movement of Mahatma Gandhi.
So, the reason for his critique was the economic viability.
So, without providing an alternative and that he explained and expressed in different ways at different platforms.
So, during the Swadeshi when many young his method, his techniques was very different from the many leaders, many political leaders arguing about.
Certainly, Mahatma Gandhi, his symbolic use of Charaka and other things to counter and to revolt against the British was very problematic for Rabindranath Tagore.
He was also equally critical of the tendency of uncritical acceptance demanded of the people in Gandhijiís program of non-cooperation.
Here, one thing is interesting to note that when Gandhiji was articulating about non-cooperation in India, Tagore was in West.
And he wrote a letter to his friend C. F. Andrews where he explained his irony or his understanding of this ironical situation in which he himself find in.
That ironical situation is when Rabindranath Tagore was preaching about the East-West dialogue or interaction or genuine interaction as a two self-defining entity or tradition.
And that dialogue will help in solving a lot of the challenges that humanity as a whole is facing.
So, when he is preaching such things in the west, in his own homeland in India, Gandhi was discussing or mobilizing for the non-cooperation against the British.
And that he finds very ironical, very contradictory, very problematic in problematic editations to a sense.
So, more than that.
So, this may be the tactical understanding and there is a response of Gandhi to such kind of understanding of his program of non-cooperation which he believed is not really about shutting oneís window or home from any kind of outside ideas.
But to use it as a tool for political liberation and independence, these things we will discuss in the lecture, when we will discuss this dialogue between Gandhi and Tagore.
But here, the point he is making is that many of the Gandhian principles and ideals, they were followed by a number of Indians, millions of Indians on his face value.
And this uncritical acceptance of Gandhi and his ideals make Rabindranath Tagore very apprehensive of this whole populism or genophobic tendency in such kind of mass politics or nationalism.
So, he was skeptical of leaders like Gandhijiís call for boycotting the foreign goods.
or clothes in the belief that western textiles were impure.
Now, these kinds of symbolic religious terms used for political agitation or sustaining a political agitation, Tagore found a kind of element of truth.
So, similarly, when flood was happening in Bihar and Gandhiji's response to such flood was like it is the curse of God to wipe out the sins committed by the people.
That kind of irrational response on the part of Gandhi or simply untruth.
was very problematic and Tagore was very critical of such political agitation and political tactics.
Now, he also opposed the non-cooperation movement launched by Gandhi in 1920s, as it was based on the blind national pride.
He argued that the parochial anti-waste tendencies within the national movement cannot develop India's cooperation with the international community.
So, that is the point I was saying when he wrote his letter to C. F. Andrews while he is arguing for interaction.
genuine dialogue between East and the West, India and the West, this non-cooperation attitude or non-cooperation movement, he finds the philosophy behind such cooperation very problematic.
Now, if we discuss on nationalism and his views on nationalism, what we find is that his essay on nationalism which he wrote in 1970 and that is in between the First World War 1914 to 1918, he and as I was saying from 1875 onwards, he was deeply, deeply, deeply engaged intellectually with this combination of state power with the religion, ideals of nation or nationalism.
And he expressed that articulation in this essay called Nationalism in India in which he considers the specific challenges faced by India in developing a national self-consciousness as well as the need for that consciousness to be grounded in Indian cultural sensibilities.
So, two things here which we need to keep in mind that India needs to develop a national self-consciousness that feeling of solidarity, the brotherhood.
Now, how this solidarity and brotherhood among the Indians will develop, should it develop by following or imitating the western notion of nation and he find it very difficult including Gandhi and some of his tendency.
The word nation, he did not find any Indian equivalent to this world.
So, even in his Bengali writings, he used this nation and wrote it like nation and not differently.
So, what we find in Tagore that he wanted India to develop a national self-consciousness, but that self-consciousness should be grounded in the Indian cultural sensibility and the many challenges that India was facing, Tagore believed.
was result of the cutoff that we modern Indian self-hood have developed due to their break from their own ancient civilizational cultural heritage.
And he wanted that connection to be built to be made stronger and only then India can genuinely, develop its own national self-consciousness and will be grounded in the cultural sensibilities of India not by merely imitating.
or accumulating the ideas and that makes Rabindranath Tagore unique in many ways also.
So, unlike many other modern Indian thinkers, he was not just following or imitating or accumulating the ideas that was there in the modern western text through their thinkers.
But his understanding of many modern challenges was based on his observation, his experiences or his connection with the.
new ways of interpreting about the ancient Indian texts such as Vedas and Upanishads.
And he wanted India to have that connection unbroken to develop its national self-consciousness.
And that is that makes Tagore original and unique in many ways in terms of theorizing about the politics and nationalism.
So, for Tagore, the real problem for India was not political, but it was social and that without And the whole idea of nationalism, national self-consciousness cannot be sustained, cannot be constructed by nationally bringing together different ideas sustaining any political agitation.
But it should start from the social level, from the society itself rather than some leader, some top level understanding or articulation of internationalism and then percolating that ideas to the ground level.
this idea of nationalism to be grounded in the social.
So, he found that this problem of social is not just in India, but in other parts of the world as well.
And how that social can be constructed in Indian context, he wanted the leaders and his fellow countrymen to follow the examples from Kabir, Nanak, Chaitanya and many other sages who talked about the social harmony.
solidarity, fellowships, companionships that or the love for each other that makes any society any country strong.
And that one can learn from the sages like Nana, Kabir and Gurdas and that he thought as the basis of unity, one can develop in India which is a divided society based on caste and any other things.
So, now, he says that there is a need to prove our humanity by solving the internal differences.
through mutual help and finding some true basis for reconciliation.
It should not be any artificial political construct.
It has to have social grounding and that helps in creation of true reconciliation rather than just a kind of political construct of nationalism without a complementary social solidarity that needs to be developed.
So, the internal differences can be solved only through the mutual help.
and finding some true basis for reconciliation.
And that true basis is something which becomes very central in his thought on nationalism and the way Indian nationalism was projected by many of his contemporaries.
So, and we also, find that in many of his thought, whether it is on nation, civilization or community, the idea of individual, the idea of men or idea of modern men, modern moral men is very central.
And that is also connected with as I was saying in my introductory lecture, many of the modern Indian thinkers were not just arguing or responding to the challenges that India was facing and articulating about Indian nation and nationalism in isolation.
But they were intellectually or morally or spiritually, in cases of in cases like Aurobindoís idea on nation and internationalist which we will discuss, they were also connected with the larger global challenges as well.
So, the humanity, the causes of humanity is some.
something, much more bigger than a narrower limited understanding of nation and nationalism.
And in all of that, the role of human individual is more significant and so is with the case of Rabindranath Tagore.
So, the modern political power and its underlying assumptions about the human life and what should be the ideal human life, what should be the ideal humanity, what should be moral or morality of that individual is something is there in Rabindranath Tagore and his thinking also, when he is theorizing about the nation.
civilization or international global cosmopolitan community.
And at this point, one needs to connect with the previous thinker we have discussed Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
He wanted modern Indian self to develop a morality and ethics which is based not on irrational practices and customs, but their self-belief that self-belief is based on their scientific rational influence.
Thank you.
with the scriptures, with the practices and if they are convinced, then that will lead to that would be the basis of their true ethics or morality.
So, similarly, is the case with Rabindranath Tagore, we will discuss this point when we will discuss his idea on men.
Now, I wish to quote Tagore to understand his definition of nationalism and why he is critical of nationalism.
So, to quote Tagore, what he says on nationalism is I am not against one nation.
in particular, but against the general idea of all nations.
So, Azar is saying that he is not about against Indian nation or Chinese nation or French nation so to say, but to the very general idea of nation as such.
Now, he defines what is the nation?
The wisdom of the nation is not in its faith in humanity, but in its complete distrust.
Yes, this is the logic of the nation and it will never need, it will never heed the voice of truth and goodness.
So, what he is saying is that the nation, the wisdom of the nation that he has seen over two, three decades and certainly, during the First World War enables him to draw this conclusion that the wisdom of the nation is not in its faith in humanity or to heed the voice of truth or goodness.
But the complete distrust or mistrust that is the sine-cona of very organization.
of nation and national self-interest.
Now, it will go on its ring dance of moral corruption, linking steel unto steel and machine into machine, trampling under its tread all the sweet flower of simple faith and living ideals of men.
So, he considered his ideals of nation and nationalism innately, inherently problematic because it leads to moral degeneration, moral corruption, mistrust and degeneration.
that is contrary to the simple living or the moral ideals of the individual.
And that makes him very critical of this whole idea of nationalism, not a particular form of nationalism.
That is something very important to know.
And the other explanation, one can give on this quotation is that nationalism teaches something which we do not want to see in the individual.
So, we want to have an individual which is moral.
which is compassionate, which is self-sacrificing for the larger causes of humanity or the community.
Nation is contrary to that kind of teaching which teaches self-interest or selfish interest.
So, all the nations compete with each other to maximize their self-interest.
They teach to mistrust each other and that is something which he finds utterly unacceptable.
Because, it teaches something in something and celebrate something which it do not want to see in the individual and that is the moral problem, the intellectual bankruptcy of the whole idea of nation and nationalism that he finds very problematic.
So, nationalism, he considered therefore, is a great menace for the humanity as such do not allow the sweet flowers of simple faith and the living idols of the men.
Now, he also goes on to explain that is the final quote that is patriotism cannot be our final spiritual shelter.
So, he was a patriotic, he had sympathy for the cause of Indian nation to fight the oppression of the British.
Of course, he had some criticism against the method and the political agitations that was followed.
But nonetheless, he was very sympathetic to the Indian cause for freedom struggle.
But, he also, understood the limitation of such patriotism and in many of his writings, he has expressed this point that the nationalism, the love for nation cannot be equated with love for God.
Because to improve the society, to improve the community, one need to intellectually engage or understand or explain many of the challenges that is obstructing such improvement and empowerment.
So, what he writes is that patron… Patriotism cannot be our final spiritual shelter.
I will not buy glass for the price of diamonds and I will never allow patriotism to triumph over humanity as long as I live.
So, that is a very powerful emotional moral response to the jingoistic or xenophobic understanding or explanation of nationalism that he was finding all around himself that lead to a lot of violence that perpetuate.
violence, mistrust among and between the communities or between the nation.
So, he took refuge in the humanity and which he considered as the diamond and he did not want to substitute that with the narrow understanding of patriotism as defined by many of his contemporary.
So, what we can understand from these quotations from Rabindranath Tagore is his constraint search for greater and greater interaction, communication, dialogue with other, other tradition, other culture and that cannot happen, if it is done combined with mistrust or in pursuit of purely materialistic selfish interest.
So, his urge for spiritual unity or understanding of other.
is to be guided by love, respect, mutual trust and which he thought nationalism in the way it was practiced is inherently, incapable of developing such mutual trust, love, respect which he was cherishing.
So, he thought that nationalism if blown by force would wreak havoc in India and nationalism.
according to Tagore is not a spontaneous self-expression of men as social being, but rather a political and commercial union of a group of people in which they congregate to maximize their profit progress and power.
It is the organized self-interest of a people where it is least human and least spiritual.
So, that is the problematic he had with the whole idea of nation where he did not consider it as a kind of spontaneous.
be accomplished through moral compassion, trust and humanity, the compassion for the humanity.
And that was the lifelong project of Tagore and search of Tagore through his writings be it poetry, novel, paintings, musics, travelings, interaction, his letters to his friends and others.
So, that search for truth or spirituality is something which he considered desirable.
And in this organized political form of nation where there is inbuilt assumption about maximizing the self-interest at the cost of other or the larger cause of humanity which he find very problematic.
So, Tagore deemed nationalism a recurrent threat to humanity because with its propensity for material and the rational.
It trample over the human spirit, human emotion and it upsets the manís moral balance.
So, that is the kind of inner contradiction that is there with the nationalism.
So, he considered it a kind of great menace or threat to the humanity because its focus on the rational or rationality at the cost of human emotions, human spiritual urge and also, the moral fabric of individual.
is in contrast with the moral fabric of nation which is about maximizing the material interest and that he finds very contradictory.
So, he claims that India has never had a real sense of nationalism and that nationalism has for years been the bottom of India's trouble.
So, for him, the real problem for India is not nation or nationalism, but it is a list of the challenges for India.
For him, the real challenge is to develop a kind of social unity and what should be the basis of social unity.
Should it be the political construct of nation or it should be on the basis of some inner connection with the inner self of India to understand that inner spiritual or inner self.
If a society or a community or a nation cut itself off from such inner self, will it succeed as a nation, will there be true solidarity, true reconciliation that is something he was more interested in rather than this problem of nationalism and defining the true meaning of nationalism for India.
So, what he believed was India should fight against the education which teaches them that a country is greater than the ideals of humanity.
So, his refuse is always to the larger cause of humanity as one of his quote was stating that he do not want to trade off the patriotism as a glass for the causes of humanity which he considered as a diamond.
So, he wanted Indians to fight against the education which teach them that the country.
is greater than the larger cause of humanity.
So, he perfectly, understood the moral or ethical location of nation in the larger community of the world.
So, in contemporary times, in fact, when you see many of the leaders arguing about their country first and their country prior to the other countries, that gives you a kind of reflecting time to understand some of the inherent flaws of such pretensions.
about can we think of his country in isolation from the other countries in the times of certainly, the contemporary globalized world, economic world which is more interdependent than when Tagore was writing.
So, certainly, in his time also, the ideal of humanity comes always prior to the ideals of our nation and that he wanted Indians to learn and fight any kind of education which teach them that their country is greater than the ideals of humanity.
He said when you borrow things that do not belong to your life.
then they only serve to crush your lives and that he is critiquing against those leaders who wanted India to follow the path of Britain or to some other countries.
And for Tagore, that was very problematic and this tendency is there in Gandhian thought as well when we will discuss his views on Swaraj.
So, therefore, India in his opinion should follow her own destiny rather than merely imitating the wish and that is the originality in his thinking which place him.
in a very distinct situation than many of the contemporary modern Indian thinkers.
So, for Tagore, nationalism was the breeding ground of for imperialism that resulted in World War I.
So, Tagore also, found the obsession with nationalism as a source of war, hatred or mutual suspicion between and among the nation and Tagore viewed nationalism as a danger to humanity which we have just discussed.
So, Tagore was opposed to the very idea of nation and not just a form of nation and he was even more fiercely opposed to India.
Joining the bandwagon of nationalism, so there were many thinkers, intellectuals thinking about India as a nation and Indian nation placed in the community of nations including Gandhi, Nehru and many others.
And that deeply distressed Tagore and his understanding of nationalism, which he believed as the source of war, hatred and mutual suspicion which cannot help a nation or certainly, not the ideals of humanity.
So, according to him, this would compromise Indiaís history and identity as a culture and bring it under the shadow of the West.
So, this kind of blind imitation of West and Western path Tagore believed will not allow India to develop its true character or its true identity and it will perpetually, keep India in the shadow of the West and that he foresaw and many others could not see in that time.
So, and that is why he was self-consistent.
of this fact because of the popularity of nationalist movement, anti-colonial struggle in India that it is difficult for Indians to understand his views.
But he believed that at some point, Indians will understand the larger ideals that he was thinking about and project for India that he has had.
So, Tagoreís animosity to nationalism is not that he was not patriotic.
So, that would be the mistake to understand Tagore and then consider him as a kind of unpatriotic or.
in contemporary vocabulary within quote anti-national.
So, his understanding of nation and national community is very different and he wanted India to develop its natural self-consciousness which is based on its own cultural sensibilities and not on the basis of mere imitation of the western path.
So, Tagore animosity to nationalism is not that he was not patriotic or that he was anti-waste and that is also, something which we need to understand when that he has some original contribution, some original articulation about nation or national identity that does not make him anti-West.
In fact, he believed in a symbiosis of East and West.
The Shantiniketan is the experiment in that kind of engagement and dialogue between and across the civilizational and cultural heritage.
So, he wanted a deep association or a living relationship between the two cultures that is India or the West or East and the West.
A creative unity.
That was possible only when the East had discovered its soul and its own identity.
That discovery of its soul and its own identity cannot happen if that country is following or blindly imitating the West.
So, it has to connect with its own self, its own cultural civilizational self and that is the whole focus of Rabindranath Tagore.
And on the basis of that, he was not someone arguing for anti-West kind of rhetoric, but a kind of deeper engagement, a living relationship or interaction between or among different cultures especially, between East and West or India and the West.
So, in Tagore, what we find is.
that he never allowed his love for country.
So, that is one thing, he remains a very patriotic, deeply sympathetic to the Indian cause.
So, his love for country, he did not allow it to stand in the way of his love for truth, justice and humanity.
That is the ultimate search for an individual, for a community, for a nation, for a civilization, for a humanity as a whole.
So, the search for truth, search for truth, justice is something, which remains ultimate.
or uncompromised for Tagore as it with the other modern Indian thinkers.
So, he did not submit to a national consciousness, but to a world consciousness what is called Biswa Bodha, the consciousness of the larger entity than your own narrow limited self in which every country would keep a light its own lamp of mind as it share to the illumination of the whole world or humanity.
So, that is the whole purpose of nation and nationalism according to Tagore that all the nation.
or nationalities should understand its own culture, its own identity and develop itself according to its own cultural sensibilities, cultural heritage and that will lead to a kind of more deeper living dialogue between and among the cultures and that ultimately, illuminates the whole world or humanities.
And many of the global challenges can be resolved through that kind of interaction among and between the communities.
So, according to Tagore, one way of achieving a sense of collectivity among the divided people is to revive the old institution of community festivals and spread it far and wide.
So, the role of festivals and that he experimented in Santhi Niketan to develop a kind of community.
or collectivity or the true basis of unity among and between the communities.
So, what we find is that Tagoreís vision might seem idealistic because he remains a poet, a poet philosopher, but it is perhaps not unattainable.
And considering the war, hatred, militarization, regimentation of thought that we see largely due to or because of hegemonic definition of nation.
and nationhood, it can be resolved and it is resolvable if one follows the vision that Tagore has had about the humanity.
It calls for a humanitarian intervention into the present self-seeking and belligerent nationalism that we see all across through the introduction of a moral and spiritual dimension of the institution and that we will discuss when we discuss his more ideals of men.
So, finally, what you see the central concern of Tagore scheme.
was to highlight the gulf that would inevitably appear between nationalism at the political level and community consciousness at the social level, say especially, in India.
So, as I was saying, you cannot solve the social cleavages, social hierarchies, social mistrusts if you just have the political notion or political ideals of nationalism.
So, unless the latter was allowed to mature simultaneously, if not ahead of the former.
So, this gulf between political nationalism and the community consciousness cannot be filled.
unless it is simultaneously, allowed to grow and that has to be the true basis of unity and solidarity, not merely, the political nationalism.
So, Tagore's disenchantment with nationalism in the west was due to its expansionist etatism.
Etatism is total control of the state over the individual citizens.
His anxieties about nationalism at home arose from the inadequate social base on which it was likely to rest.
So, Tagore's criticism of the general idea of nationalism was because it tries to control.
tries to regiment the individual opinions and individual thought by the state.
So, state becomes the supreme, state becomes the ultimate and individual his thinking theorization comes secondary.
So, the whole structure, whole artifice of such ideals of nationalism for Tagore was very, very problematic.
And in back especially, in India, he thought that this inadequate social base that means, the social community consciousness and the cleavage due to the social cleavages.
will not allow the political nationalism to sustain for long.
And the focus should be then to develop the social unity, the social trust or mutual trust among and between the crust.
According to Tagore, nationalism by itself cannot act as a magic wand capable of conjuring away the numerous divisive forces that is there in India.
So, for them, the real task is to develop the social solidarity.
based on true love, compassion or mutual trust and not on this selfish desire to maximize one's self-interest.
And that is true with the individual, so is with the community and only on that basis, one can have true dialogue.
We will discuss such things in his views on cosmopolitanism.
So, for the reference on this lecture, you can look at his text which is available widely on net, Nationalism in India.
And other texts are from Thomas Pantham and Kenneth Deutch, Political Thought in Modern India, Sources of Indian Tradition and Rustam Varucha.
Another is here Ravindranath Tagore and Okakura Tenshin and also, Collected Essays published from Rupa called Ravindranath Tagore Selected Essays.
So, from there, you can read some of his ideas on nationalism and understand it in the broader context.
So, in the next lecture, we are going to discuss critique of Rabindranath Tagore's views on nationalism and cosmopolitanism.
And then finally, we will conclude Rabindranath Tagore by looking at his ideals on men.
So, that is all for today.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to continue with.
thoughts and ideas of one of the very eminent modern Indian political thinker Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And in previous lecture, we have discussed his ideas on religious reforms.
And today, we will be discussing his ideas on modern education.
And in the following lecture, we are going to discuss his ideas on freedom of press, political and civil rights.
And then we will conclude his thought in a kind of.
larger context of modern Indian political thinking, what was his contribution, what was his legacy and what kind of ideas he championed and articulated which continue to resonate in our contemporary times.
So, in the next class, we are going to discuss some of those thoughts.
So, today, we are going to discuss Raja Ram Mohan Roy's ideas on modern education.
Now, when it comes to modern education or modern liberal education, there are different kind of understanding about the evolution or the starting of modern liberal education in India.
And especially, when colonial dominance as I was discussing in my previous lecture, not just in the physical material world, but also, in the realm of thought and ideas or in the intellectual world as well, the colonial domination was so powerful.
so, overwhelming that it was hard for any other perspectives or other counter ideas about education, about polity, about society, about different kind of religion and their worth was very hard to articulate and express and also assert.
Now, in such context, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating his thoughts on religion, his thoughts on modern education and also, some of the ideas on freedom of race and political and civil rights that we are going to discuss in the next class.
So, what is the significance of modern education or modern liberal education in modern Indian political thought?
As many of us are aware that these ideas whether it be it on nation, nationalism, polity, state, individual, fundamental rights of individual, the form of government, republicanism, secularism.
All those vocabulary, the idioms that we use in our modern political discourse and polity is somewhat connected with this kind of historical shift in terms of the system of education that we have had in modern India.
And Raja Ram Mohan Roy in that sense is a kind of remarkable contribution in terms of supporting and promoting modern liberal education.
in modern India.
One of the examples that I can give on the contribution of modern education is the possibility of imagining India as a nation.
So, as we are aware that we have multiple languages there is plurality of race, caste, religion, communities and then how these all communities come together to think about India, to communicate with each other using one language.
Thank you.
and that one language is English for a very long time.
So, in different provinces, so the consciousness as many writers like Dennis Dalton and others have argued that very possibility of communicating between and among different provinces having their own language and dialects and discussing about some common issue like political freedom reform, the British rule, social reforms, political reforms.
religious reforms was possible because of their familiarity with the English.
So, English becomes the linked language for many of the nationalist thinkers and that we have to credit to this modern liberal education.
In a similar way, as I was saying different vocabulary and idioms that we use in our political discussion and debate is rooted in this modern liberal education.
So, many people have also studied Indian nationalism in a sense, where they learned, they were to access modern English education and from there, they.
So, the first phase if you look at the history of nationalist movement from say early 1885 to 1905 or so, the moderates basically, the moderate phase of Indian National Congress was by and large, guided by these emerging middle class in India having access to modern English liberal education and then they were theorizing, arguing, contesting.
So, they were contesting within the administrative setup that was provided by the British and articulating their thoughts and all.
So, the point here is modern liberal education did play a very significant role in the very formation of the idea of nation, nationalism, the way Indian thinkers and political activists communicate with each other and it continued to remain a very valuable language in terms of official and administrative communication.
So, in that context, we have to think about the way Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating his thought and supporting modern liberal education.
So, to begin with what we find is this Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his ideas on modern education can be rightly, regarded as the precursor of modern system of education in India.
What we see here is the university system.
the different branches of learning and knowledge that we have, the kind of certification.
So, you have to pass some exam and that passing of exam will certify you for certain degree.
So, the modern system education that we have, we can trace it in the ideas of Raja Ram Mohan Roy among others in modern India.
And he worked tirelessly to promote and champion this cause of modern system of education.
So, unlike many many of his contemporary, he was fully convinced about the value and also, the use of modern liberal education in India.
Now, what you also find in Raja Ramhond Roy is his interaction with the colonial administrators or secretary general or governor general and his constant plea to them to promote and start modern education in India.
And that reflected in one of his letters to British educationist Lord Amherst, where he ardently argued for the modern liberal education in India.
Now, for him and that was a time when Indians were responding and trying to articulate the British impositions of various kind and many of them were convinced that the British rule is for something good, that something good is going to happen out of the British rule and they believed.
in the fairness or the promises of justice made by the colonial administrators and their system of governance, their protection of rights and they believed that whatever was there in their native country that is in Britain.
So, whatever the rights or obligation that is there for the British citizen in their native country that will be extended to them Indians as well or the colonial subject as well.
So, Raja Ram Roy was in a sense, situated in such kind of discourse where people were aware or convinced about the justness or fairness of the British and wanted it to be extended into the colonial society as colonized society as well.
So, according to Roy, for the British rulers, the British were not aware of the language, literature, manners, customs and ideas of India.
which is almost entirely new or unfamiliar.
Therefore, they cannot easily become intimately acquainted with the real circumstances in this country.
So, despite of their intention to be a just ruler to protect the rights of the individual or the community because of their unfamiliarity or this completely strange kind of language, manners, customs or ideas that was there in India.
Raja Ram Mohan Rai believed that because of their lack of first hand or familiarity with these literature, language, manners, customs and ideas, they cannot really grasp or comprehend the real circumstances that is India.
So, he believed that Indian should be able to give them the proper information, so that the British rule can devise calculated and beneficial measures.
for India.
Now, in order to do that he wanted Indians to be given modern liberal education.
So, now, he is very clear about the role and significance of modern liberal education in India, where he believes that the British despite of their intention to do devise policy for the betterment or improvement of Indian society or Indian people, they cannot do it because they are not familiar with the Indian situation and there that information can be provided by an educated.
section of Indian population when they are provided with the modern liberal education.
So, one thing that becomes clear then is the belief in the just nature of the British rule and Raja Ram Mohan Roy also believed that the colonial rule is something which can liberate, which can truly empower the Indian masses and it is good for the country.
And to do that, he wanted liberal, modern liberal education for Indian subject.
His approach to modern western education was very different from his conservative as well as the radical Bengali intellectuals of that time.
Now, as we are aware that the Indians were also very apprehensive about modern liberal education, education in India.
So, many of us are familiar with the kind of debates that was happening during the time when Britishers began modern education.
Before that when Raja Ram Mohan Roy was thinking and articulating about the usefulness or appropriateness of modern liberal education vis-a-vis classical Sanskrit learning or personal learning.
Now, because of the Christian missionaries taking a significant role in terms of educating the masses and then also, fulfilling their objective of religious conversion.
Now, many Indians or natives believe that in the grab of this modern English not just in language, but the system of education, they are actually, promoting Christianity and that is why they were very apprehensive of this whole English system or modern system of education.
And for a very long time, they were not convinced by the colonial administrators and scholars.
who were actually, promoting the modern system.
So, it took long time for the Indian citizen or common people to understand the value or get convinced about the significance of modern liberal education.
There was all kind of debates that was happening.
On the one hand, you have conservative, conservatives like Radhakant Dev and many radicals also, which wanted to completely.
imbibe or imitate modern liberal values or western education at the cost of anything that is related to India because of their belief in the stagnant or kind of otherworldly approach in Indian system of education.
So, you have two kinds of opinion and Raja Ram Mohan Rai was actually trying to articulate his thought and his support for modern education in such situation.
So, what conservatives like Radhakant Debo did was They wanted western education, but that western education for them is kind of instrument or a tool for career advancement in their professions or service under the British rule.
So, they had to learn modern education English language because they want to get into the service of the British rule and they use this modern education merely as the instrument or tool.
Whereas, Raja Ram Mohan Roy regarded this western modern education not just as a tool for getting career advancement or getting into the services of British rule, but also as a means for social transformations.
So, that is a very significant understanding of the role of modern education for Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
Now, historically, if you look at when the company rule became the paramount power after the decline of Mughals.
competition between Marathas and other provincial rulers in south, also in west of India.
Gradually, it becomes clear that the British acquired the supremacy or paramount power in India.
Now, many Indian realized that to get job under this new British rule, they would have to learn English.
Even though the Persian continued to be used for official purposes well into the 19th century.
So, when the British came, they did not disallow the classical language such as Persian or Sanskrit and Persian remain in the language of court or in the language of administration for a very long time as late as 19th century or early 20th century.
But the section of Indian population believed that to get into the job under this new rule, they had to learn English.
So, they had the very instrumental understanding of this new system of education.
Now, the most more farsighted among them such as Raja Ram Mohan Roy, he saw the tremendous advantage that could be gained from the direct contact with the whole corpus of modern western education.
So, for them, English education or modern liberal education is not just to get a job, but also to reform the society, to think about a better politics or that can lead to the empowerment of.
community and cultivation of the mind.
So, that is something very crucial for reformer or thinker like Raja Ram Monroy which is very different from many of his conservative and the radical friends.
Now, so therefore, when the Britishers began to take the responsibility of providing education to the Indian people, Raja Ram Monroy wholeheartedly supported.
such promotion of new school, new system of education in Kolkata and later on in the rest part of the India.
He wanted the Britishers to employ English gentlemen of talent with liberal education to instruct the natives of India in mathematics, philosophy, chemistry, anatomy and other useful sciences because they according to Roy had attained a degree of perfects.
a degree of perfection in those fields.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy wanted this responsibility to be fulfilled by those instructors who have already acquired a degree of perfection in the respective field of modern system of knowledge be it mathematics, philosophy, anatomy or chemistry.
So, for Raja Ram Mohan Roy, here again this point we will discuss in few minutes, where you see the use of the education is not just to speculate and contemplate about other worldly issues like the existence of soul, relationship of individual to his soul, life after death and other kind of similar issue which is widely prevalent in many of the Indian system of education which was widely prevalent.
In contrast to that Roy wanted to promote modern scientific liberal education because of their practical value, practical necessity and not just because of the usefulness of speculative and contemplative thinking.
So, that was his approach towards this education, where he wanted the Britishers to employ those who have already have some degree of perfection in such fields.
There was this tussle within the officials of the company as well which becomes more explicit.
But in 1830s, when they seriously began to think about the medium or the system of education, they will promote in India.
In 1830s, especially, after Lord Macaulay, Wood's dispatch and other things, certainly, in 1830s that issue becomes much more explicit, much more emotionally intense in terms of having sharper view which differs from each other.
For a company in their beginning or the initial years.
was not really for the betterment or improvement of the native citizens.
It was actually, for the maximum extraction of economic resources in terms of revenue.
But remember, when British established their supremacy or paramountcy, the question that was available in the thinking or in the horizon of expectation to the natives or native thinkers, liberals including Raja Ram Mohan Roy and many others, they accepted the British rule They believed in the fair and just nature of the British rule.
Whatever we now think about the economic extraction and you know, the pathetic condition of Indians that is largely, due to the colonial system of economic extract resources of economic extraction, that understanding comes much later after the publication of Dadabhai, Naorozi un-British rule in India and the drain of resources.
But in this historical situation, when Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating about modern education, religious reforms, such questions were not available to them.
They accepted the British rule, they believed in the intention that was expressed by the British officials and then, they thought of reforming the Indian society, empowering the society within this given situation.
And Britishers were also then very cautious not to temper, not to damage the existing indigenous system of education in India.
So, they had decided as early as in 70s, 70s to sponsor Persian, Arabic and Sanskrit studies and not modern liberal education.
So, the modern universities and departments, they began with the classical studies like Sanskrit, Persian or Arabic.
Raja Ram Mohanraya was strongly opposed to such efforts by the government to establish Sanskrit schools under the Hindu pandits and priests and they are a valid reason for such objection.
So, remember, within the colonial debates about modern system of education in India, there was also this kind of apprehension whether to start modern liberal education or to continue with the existing system of education that is prevalent in India and Raja Ram Mohan Roy was arguing in such context.
Now, why he opposed the Sanskrit schools and that is a very crucial question for us to understand and that is also, the reason why Raja Ram Mohan Roy is a kind of break.
from the pre-colonial or the why he considered as the modern first modern Indian political thinker.
So, he believed that if the government continue with the traditional knowledge and promote such knowledge through the establishment of many new Sanskrit schools, the people cannot expect to learn any practical knowledge.
practical or pragmatic knowledge about society, about economy, about polity out of such archaic system of knowledge that we have had.
And they can only learn only those things which is commonly taught in many parts of India.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy was of the opinion that the condition or the degenerated condition in some of this condition we have discussed in previous lecture like ignorance.
illiteracy, superstitions or many evil practices such as sati or widowhood, polygamy, idol worship.
Such practices is prevalent because of this archaic otherworldly approach in the traditional system of knowledge promoted by Hindu pandits or priestly class in India which will not really help in the practical life of Indian people.
So, that is why he was very opposed to.
the promotion of Sanskrit schools by the Britishers.
There are other challenges for such opposition also.
The other was like the Sanskrit language is so difficult and there is a vast corpus of text.
So, in terms of political thought, if you say we have Dharma Shastra, we have Niti Shastra, we have Earth Shastra, there are so many treatises written on the main text also.
So, you have many Vasya, Tikas, our range of Vedic or post Vedic text, Upanishads and other epics.
her mind.
It should be the basis of firm morality and ethics and that is why he believed that the Sanskrit system of education that was prevalent at that time cannot really help in the establishment of modern liberal society in India.
Now, according to him, no improvement can be expected from inducing young men to consume a dozen of years of their most valuable period of their life in acquiring the knowledge of Sanskrit grammar and language.
That is again, something we have to be very cautious.
That does not mean he does not want.
natives to learn Sanskrit or learn ancient texts.
The previous lecture, where we have discussed about the religious reforms, where we have to understand that he was against the evil practices that was widely prevalent and not against or opposed to the sacred religious Hindu texts as such.
And he wanted people to read such texts, to learn from such texts and derive their message or understanding or ethics or morality from such texts.
And he therefore, wanted it to be translated into the many vernacular languages.
So, here again, When we say why he supported modern education that does not mean he is actually opposed to Sanskrit or Sanskrit learning or any such learning.
But to create a liberal society which is based on scientific rational approach towards self, society, community, polity which requires modern system education rather than archaic model of education.
education system that was widely prevalent during that time.
And that is why, he therefore, wanted the British or colonial government because of their intention or just intention to promote modern scientific liberal education among the natives that can be achieved only through modern liberal education in the opinion of Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
So, as I was saying that in this system of education, the most of the issue and the questions was otherworldly.
speculative and contemplative in nature.
It does not have or have very minimum application in the practical life of the people.
So, therefore, he was opposed to such system of education.
And other problem of this system of education that was prevalent during that time was emphasis on the memory or what is called you learn, you memorize the text, you memorize the formula, you memorize the.
that in his time, the initial enthusiasm for English especially, among the educated Hindus is evident from the great popularity of Hindu college professor Henry V. Derezeu.
He was a great educationist working or promoting western style secular rationalism and his popularity reflects the popularity or enthusiasm of educated Hindus to learn modern liberalism.
So, this is the kind of liberal education or English education.
So, there was a large section of people already willing to learn modern education and the popularity of the regime is reflection of such enthusiasm.
But relation of western to Indian learning was becoming a problematic issue.
As I was saying that the apprehension for modern education among the Indians, among the natives because this education was also simultaneously promoting religious conversion or promoting western style and that was not very conducive in terms of promoting modern liberal education among the Indians.
Because many of them believed that by learning modern education, they forgo.
or they forget or they cut themselves off from their own Indian tradition.
And there is a kind of tussle between modern western education and Indian system of education.
And one of the debate that is there in many of modern Indian thinkers is between tradition and the modernity.
So, colonial administration, colonial system of education which promoted modernity which established many system of modern education, modern system of governance How far that is different from the Indian ancient traditional system of education, governance, polity etcetera.
So, that kind of debate was also there and it was becoming a problematic issue by the time Raja Ram Manrai was articulating about modern liberal education in India.
Now, there was a kind of divide between those who were promoting western liberal education, they were called Anglicist and Raja Ram Manrai was in many ways, one such person who was strongly supported modern English education.
And there was the other which was the orientalist supporting the values, wisdom contained in Indian tradition or oriental tradition.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy himself being the staunch Englishist championed English law, literature and reformist ideas.
Yet and that is the uniqueness of Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
So, as I was saying that when he was championing the modern liberal education that support was not something which can be interpreted as opposition to Indian system of education or Indian tradition of thinking and thought.
So, we have to have a kind of cautious approach to understand his understanding of modern liberal education.
So, he wanted English law, literature and reformist ideas to be taught, imparted to the natives.
Yet, he was also resisting the British hypocrisy and Christian preachers and turned time and again to Hindu scriptures for wisdom and guidance.
So, in Raja Ram Mohanraya, there is a kind of simultaneous movement to and fro from Indian intellectual ancient tradition of thinking and thought to modern system of system of westernization, especially, when we will discuss his ideas on freedom of press and how he is using the British principles and philosophy or European thought to counter some of the denials that was being practiced by the colonial administrators in India.
So, he was very critical of hypocrisy and many practices.
followed by the Christian missionaries in India and turn to the Hindu scriptures for wisdom and guidance.
So, there is a kind of to and fro movement from Indian intellectual tradition to modern western system of education.
So, what one can understand from this kind of movement in thought in idea is a kind of very rational approach to accepting or denying or promoting certain things.
So, Raja Ramaharoy wanted to promote modern liberal education because he wanted to create and promote a liberal society in India free from superstitions, free from idol worship or free from other evil practices that was degenerating, that was suffocating for the cultivation of a sound scientific moral mind in India.
So, he was very clear, but at the same time, he was also aware of this hypocrisy in the British administration or among the many Christian missionary as well.
So, he was very in that sense, acknowledged and recognized the value or the wisdom contained in Indian scriptures as well.
So, the controversy that was there between the Orientalist and the Anglicist, he fought vigorously for English education and wrote the famous letter to educationist Lord Amherst.
That is the ardent or decisive support in Raja Ram Mohan Rai for the promotion of modern liberal education and that also, reflect his own pragmatic approach to modern system of education that India should aspire for.
He also worked for improving and enriching Bengali language.
It is interesting to note that the address that he presented to Lord William Banting was in Bengali.
It showed his deep love for his mother tongue and also, vernacular languages in India.
So, despite of his support modern liberal education on the one hand, he was also someone who wanted standardize or promote mother tongue or the vernacular languages in India.
And the reason for such promotion was to make education accessible to the large section of Indian society.
And for a very long time, there was a kind of denial of access to the large section of society, because education the way it was imparted especially, the higher learning was limited to a very small section of Indian society contained in a particular language Sanskrit.
and their imparting was denied to the large section of society.
So, he wanted such religious texts in Sanskrit to be translated into the vernacular language and therefore, the message that was contained he wanted it to be accessible to the large section of society as well.
And he therefore, wrote a number of texts in his mother tongue Bengali.
He was also in cooperation with many other contemporary figures in Bengal, helped in the establishing in many modern institutions of Bengali.
So, especially, like David Hara and Dr. Duff and their approach to promote English education in the country.
As many of you are familiar, when the Britishers started modern English education, no native parents would send their children to learn English because they feared that it will ultimately, also promote religious conversion and that apprehension prevented them from sending their children to such English schools.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy actually helped.
in establishing such system of education in India, especially, the efforts of David Harry and Dr. Dove.
So, he believed that modern western education would enlighten the Indians from the superstitions and prejudices of the religious orthodoxy.
So, here again, one can think of his discomfort with the system of education that was being imparted in his time by religious orthodoxy.
So, in my mind, do not have so much problem with the text or a scriptures that was available in Indian tradition.
But the way it is being imparted and the kind of teaching that was being done, he had a serious problem with such orthodoxy which contain a lot of superstitious belief and prejudices and therefore, it cannot in the opinion of Raja Ram Mohan Roy help in enlightening the Indian minds.
And therefore, he wanted western.
a western education to be promoted by the Britishers.
So, this is one quotation which can help us to understand why he argued that the Sanskrit system of education would be best calculated to keep country in the darkness.
So, the role of education for Raja Ram Mohan Roy is to bring enlightenment, to bring rationality, to bring scientific approach towards self, society, politics, etcetera.
So, he find that promotion of Sanskrit learning of the native population is the object of the government.
He believed in such object which is improvement of the native population.
It will consequently, promote a more liberal and enlightened system of instruction, embracing mathematics, natural philosophy, chemistry and anatomy with other useful sciences which may be accomplished with the some proposed by employing a few gentlemen of talents and learning.
educated in Europe and providing a college furnished with necessary books, instruments and other apparatus.
So, in this letter, he makes it very clear that the objective of improvement of native population can only be achieved when the government use its expenditure to promote modern system of education or liberal system of education and which is mathematics, chemistry, anatomy, philosophy and other branches of useful science and not kind of contemplative, thinking and thought that was widely prevalent.
And therefore, he wanted to create universities, colleges with necessary books, instruments and etcetera.
And he wanted government to focus on that.
Now, what you also find in Rajaram Mohan Roy is his contribution in terms of establishing some preeminent system or preeminent institution of modern education.
So, begin with foundation of Hindu college.
Now, this is also in a sense, interesting to note that many institutions of modern education in India is named after a religion, after a caste, after a community and that is still prevalent in many parts of the country.
So, Aligarh Muslim University, Banaras Hindu University and things like that.
So, religion and religious idioms remain somewhat there even when their objective is to promote modern system of education.
So, but that is not really something which we have to take it.
you know, in a very prejudiced or narrow sense of the term.
Their approach even when naming such colleges as Hindu college or Muslim college was to impart liberal education in that community or in the larger section of society.
So, Raja Raman Roy contribution in the foundation of Hindu college was immense.
So, David Harre and many others brought the proposal for the establishment of seminary for teaching the natives liberal modern.
progressive system of education.
This proposal emphasized the need for improvement and betterment of natives through modern education.
Ultimately, this college was established in 1870 and there was a lot of opposition to establishment of such colleges from the orthodoxy, especially, from the Hindu society.
Now, here makes a kind of tricky situation for Raja Ram Mohan Roy where he wholeheartedly supported such establishment and yet, he withdrew his name from this project because he does not want to really get unnecessarily into the arguments with the orthodoxy of the Hindu society.
But his contribution in the foundation of Hindu college is very widely known.
Similarly, in the establishment of Anglo-Hindu school, he again, promoted the modern liberal education for the natives.
So, in 1816, he founded an English school and from the project of Hindu college though he withdrew his name, but that is to avoid the unnecessary classes and alteration with the orthodoxy.
But in reality, he did not stop his educational exertion and in 1822, he for free instruction of Hindu boys, he reconstructed the earlier English school that he formed in 1860 from his own expenses.
This school came to be known as Anglo-Hindu school.
He also as I was saying supported the native mother tongue or vernacular language.
And for that purpose, few educated natives youth of Kolkata formed a native literary society in this school Anglo-Hindu school Kolkata that was intended to raise the intellectual character of the natives and improve the language thoroughly.
The name of the society was called Sarvatanwa Deepika Sabha which is also known as the society for the diffusion of all branches of knowledge.
So, in this Anglo-Hindu school, the approach of Raja Ram Mohan Roy is not just to promote liberal education, but also, allow the space for the promotion or cultivation of vernacular language such as Bengali.
And there was few youths who actually formed a literary society to promote their language and also, to increase the intellectual character of the intellectual character of the natives.
This society has a very significant role in the promotion of modern Bengali language as well.
Similarly, in the establishment of Vedanta college, Raja Ram Mohan Roy played a very significant role.
So, in 1825, he started this school in which there was a kind of combination of western knowledge with Indian learning.
That means, Raja Ram Mohan Roy Vedanta college was a great seat of learning.
for Vedanta and other Indian intellectual tradition as well as modern western thought with a scientific outlook.
So, that is the kind of churning that is going on in his mind when he is promoting modern liberal scientific western education.
He is not denying or objecting to the promotion of Indian Vedantic philosophy in particular.
So, one has to really be very cautious when it comes to conclude easily that Raja Ram Mohan Rai while supporting the modern education actually objecting to the Indian system of education.
That is not the fair or the complete or the correct interpretation of his ideas on modern Western sense.
So, he in this Vedanta college, he combined the both tradition and through these colleges and institutions, he was also, promoting his ideas on religion like Unitarianism, Monotheism and things like that.
So, for developing rationalism, he was also, A study of Unitarianism in Hindu, there is one singular supreme being not just in Hinduism, but also, in Christianity, he emphasized such ideals through these colleges and institutions as well.
Other part was he also, supported the missionaryís efforts to impart education among the natives.
So, there are many Christian missionaries actually, working in different languages, different vernacular languages.
printing text in such language and through that trying to promote modern liberal education.
And Raja Ram Mohan Roy cooperated, supported such efforts by the Christian missionaries, especially, the works done by Alexander Duff and the Scottish Mission Secondary School that he established.
He received a lot of help and contribution from Raja Ram Mohan Roy in the establishment of this Scottish Mission Secondary School which is now famously known as Scottish Church College.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy did promote such efforts by the Christian missionaries as well.
Besides, himself spending his own money or resources in the establishment of some institution which imparted modern liberal education along with the Vedantic philosophy or Indian text classical Sanskrit text and treatises as well.
Now, if we try to understand the effects of Raja Raja's of Monroy understanding or articulation of modern liberal education, what we find is that the British Committee on.
So, as I was saying that this polarization between the English East and the Oriental East was there for a very long time even among the colonial administrators and scholars as well as the natives.
So, a section of them wanted English education, but a large section or equally number of.
people opposed to modern western education in India championing the orientalist understanding.
So, when the British Committee on Public Instruction was slow to react the growing demand for a new educational system in India and when Thomas Babington Macaulay as you may be familiar with his approach that he wanted a system of education in India which will make Indians in their manners, in their style, in their dressing, an Englishman, but they will serve merely as a junior level clerks in the administration of the Raj.
So, the objective of Macaulay was very instrumentalist kind of understanding about the role and the objective of modern system of education which wanted to create a section of society which will help the British to.
sustain its rule in India.
So, when he became the president of this committee, the British Committee on Public Instruction in 1834, the committee was divided between the Anglicists and the Orientalists.
And Macaulay favoured the Anglicizing the education and government of India.
So, that was very clear.
The Orientalists on the other hand, believed that there is much wisdom that can be gained from the so-called Oriental or the Indian texts and tradition.
And thus, they were resisting the efforts of the Anglicists.
Macaulay ended by supporting the English or promoting the modern English education or promoting the English language and literature in India.
And here, it is interesting to understand his famous statement that a rack of books contained in any good library in Europe is worth the knowledge of all the system of or tradition of knowledge contained in the Asian and African and many oriental countries put together.
So, his understanding of knowledge.
contained in Orientalist thought was very problematic, very despicable in a sense.
And many people contested such position and such remarks about Oriental philosophy and Oriental system of knowledge.
But in the larger context, where we have began this discussion on modern education, by 1830s or by 1830s, it becomes clear that the British will promote the modern system of education in the English language instead of promoting the classical Sanskrit, Arabic or Persian language in their system of education.
So, and this comes with this effect that the no single act of British policy has had such lasting influence on Indian mind and also, on the evolution of modern Indian thought.
Then this decision in 1835 taken by Macaulay to use government funds to support education in the English language and to adopt the curriculum prevalent in English schools also.
So, this single decision of British government or by Macaulay.
has such a remarkable influence not on the minds of the Indian people, but also, the modern system of education that we have now is shaped to a great extent by this decision of 1835.
What you also find that English education has provided for the privileged handful who could take advantage of it, a specialized scientific knowledge such as that of offered in Kolkata from 1835.
at the first British Medical College of India.
It also, offered a common language and cultural background.
Such conditions of all India unity gave worth to political self-consciousness and eventually, contributed in the rise of Indian nationalism.
So, this modern system of education in a sense, also, helped Indian coming from different socio-linguistic cultural background to develop a kind of all India outlook.
And that outlook was supplemented by the thoughts and ideas prevalent in modern western political thought and thinking.
So, the birth of Indian nationalism in a sense and the idea of India that we have which is secular, republic, democratic, parliamentary, those ideas and vocabulary comes from this modern liberal system of education.
Now, it is undeniable fact that Raja Ram Mohan Roy played a very significant role in the promotion of this modern English education that we have in India.
And therefore, when it comes to the role and contribution of Raja Ram Mohan Roy in modern education, one has to give him credit for ardently or completely supporting the modern liberal education in contrast with many orientalists within court who believes in the knowledge and wisdom which is contained in oriental and Indian tradition.
So, in contrast to them, Raja Ram Mohan Rai was first to understand the pragmatic or the practical use of modern liberal education which will help in cultivation of mind and also, in formulation of morality and ethics which is based on Sonder principle with scientific rational approach and not on superstitions and irrational prejudiced behavior and outlook.
Besides that, we also have to acknowledge the fact.
While he was in total support or wanted the British rule to promote modern liberal education in India, he was also the one who believed in the wisdom and worth of Indian thought as well.
And wanted to be wanted such thought to be made accessible to larger public through translation of Sanskrit text into the vernacular languages also.
So, in that sense, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was kind of combining.
the modern western liberal education with the same approach towards learning classical Indian Sanskrit texts.
So, one cannot have really easy interpretation that when he is supporting the modern liberal education, he is objecting the Indian tradition of thought and thinking.
Actually, he wanted to combine the.
combined the both.
And that is why, he was also critical of Christian missionaries and the hypocrisy on the part of colonial administrations which were actually, denying some of the principles, some of the ideas, some of the rights that they were actually, preaching in their home country.
So, that is more on that I will discuss in the next lecture.
But he wanted modern Indian mind.
to be rational, to be scientific, to engage in the problematic or the pragmatic questions and the concerns of their life or the life of the community.
To do that, he wanted to promote, to be imparted this modern liberal education and that is a kind of cure to the widely prevalent superstitions and ignorance or the prejudices of Indian mind that lead to their degenerate status.
in the time he was thinking about.
So, on this, you can look at these some of these resources.
So, from Pantham and Deutch, you can look at introduction from their work Political Thought in Modern India.
And also, from M P Singh and Himans Surai, you can look at the chapter on Raja Ram Man Roy.
Similarly, from Ramchandra Guha and Rachel McDermott and Dalton et al edited sources of Indian tradition.
So, there is some experts from Raja Ram Man Roy and his views on modern.
So, you can look at from these sources to understand whatever we have discussed in this lecture on Raja Ram Mohan Royís views on modern liberal education.
Now, this is also a time to give you an assignment for this week and assignment for this week is a text by K. C. Bhattacharya which is called Swaraj in Ideas.
I want you to read this text and write a paragraph in about 500 words summarizing the key ideas and concerns of raised in this text.
So, please read this text.
This text is widely available on the net.
If not, you can write to us.
We will send you the pdf copy and then you can read and write a paragraph in about 500 words.
So, thank you to listening to me.
Thank you.
Hello everyone, today is this concluding lecture on Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And in previous two lectures, we have discussed his thought on religious reforms and also, on modern education.
Today, we are going to discuss his thought on freedom of press and political and civil rights and finally, conclude his contribution in modern Indian political thought and thinking.
So, today's key theme is his ideas on freedom of press which I will conclude and in the next lecture.
will pick up a new thinker and some of the key themes that and through that key themes, we will try to understand the contribution of the thinker in modern Indian political thought.
And Raja Ram Mohan Roy is more relevant for us, even today when you think about the lot of limitations, regulations and censorship that is, that is that is there whether by the government or by some kind of self-censorship.
So, before I begin this discussion on freedom of press and Raja Ram Mohan Rai's idea on freedom of press, one needs to understand the relevance and the significance of this idea for modern democracy, citizenship, rights and the whole artifice of liberal democracy.
It is hard to distinct which is fake and which is real, which is paid and which is not paid, which is news, which is paid news in disguise of news.
So, this becomes a challenge for an informed citizen because the task of media historically is to create public opinion on certain issue and highlight some of the wrong doings.
or abuse of power on the part of executive and report it to the higher authority and that is how liberal democracy correct itself and learn its own mistakes, rectified the mistakes and then again, new kind of public opinion on certain issue is formed.
But in contemporary times, again as I was saying, there is this discourse which highlight some issue which may or may not be relevant and conceal some issue which is very relevant.
So, in this situation, So, the idea of free press as an agent or as an instrument to hold the government accountable and also, shape the public opinion on certain political and social issues that is relevant to that society is extremely relevant.
And in contemporary times also, there is lots of regulation kind of censorship on media by the government or also, some kind of self-censorship which is there and that remind us the significance of .
freedom of speech and expression which is inevitable in a liberal democracy which we have.
And so, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating about the necessity and relevance of freedom of press in the very beginning of our so-called cultural or political renaissance in India in the very beginning of social and political awakening.
So, we will discuss more on how Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating this idea of freedom of press.
in a situation which is not a democratic setup.
It was under the British rule and British rule was promising a kind of liberal rights to the citizens and at the same time denying certain rights which was available to the colonized people in their home country.
And Raja Ram Mohan Raya was articulating about the relevance of such idea in that context and that makes him more fascinating thinker.
So, what you find in Raja Ram Mohan Roy was not just a great social and religious reformers and promoter of modern liberal education, but also, someone who is deeply involved in scientific or rational outlook about politics, society, citizens, their civil and political rights and he was an ardent supporter of freedom of press which for him was signed quote none that means absolutely necessary for any kind of representative responsible or liberal democracy or liberal government.
So, when to contextualize his idea, he was articulating and supporting word freedom of press when there was a kind of initiative on the part of colonial administrator to promote some kind of some kind of native.
press or printing which will enable them to represent and articulate their opinion on many issues and express their grievances and authority will try to readdress such grievances.
So, when Lord Hastings somewhat relaxed the press censorship in 1899, Raja Ram Mohan Roy began publishing three magazines or journals namely, Brahminical magazine in 1821, Sambhad again in 1821 and Meerat ul Akbar 1822.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Rai in a way was someone who grasped the relevance of free press and role of press in shaping public opinion on matters of religion, society, politics, economics, etc.
And he utilized such relaxation when Lord Hastings initiated or relaxed some kind of press censorship in 1819.
But in 1823, there was a news report published in Calcutta journal.
This is a journal published by Buckingham and that somehow did not go well with the Governor General in Council of that time who was John Adams.
And he issued a press regulation which restricted the freedom of press in India and in a way, censor any kind of publication without the prior.
prior approval of the government.
So, this ordinance imposed certain restrictions on the freedom of press which was relaxed by the Lord Hastings in 1819 and just in four years, the authority again passed a regulation which restricted any kind of publication without the prior approval of the government.
Now, in this context, one needs to always understand that those who are in the power, those who are in the authority, they will always hold some information.
So, official secret acts.
or some kind of regulation on press or printing.
Most contemporary example was during the time of emergency in India in 1975 to 1977, we have seen how press was strangulated or censored by those who are in the authority.
And press and its role is absolutely critical in a liberal democracy and in India, we have a kind of long history for struggle or fight against the freedom of press.
press to challenge, to question, to interrogate any kind of authoritarian or official censorship on freedom of press.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy in a way, even when he accepted and supported the British rule and we will discuss why he supported the British rule in a few moment.
He was someone who was a true champion, true fighter.
for the freedom of press and he was the first leader perhaps to understand the role of press in creation of public opinion or in resolving a lot of social, political and economic issue in India.
So, his appeal or articulation about freedom of press started with this regulation passed by John Adam in 1823.
Now, what this Gadget says?
So, this regulation was all about that this in this government gadget of 5th April 1823, the government issued an official order mentioning the grounds on which a publication can be restrained or restricted from publication.
And these grounds were basically three.
The first ground was that anything defamatory and harmful to the royal family that means, King of England government officials.
and their allied powers.
This is a very broad restrictions on any kind of publication which is considered in the discretion of the official defamatory or harmful to the royal family, government official and their allied powers will be restrained, restricted from publication.
The second ground of restriction was publications threatening the peace, harmony and social order.
Again, this is a too broad converse.
to precisely define what threatened or what do not threaten social harmony, peace and order.
So, again the official have enormous discretion to restrain any publication on the ground of that it may threaten social peace, order and harmony.
Then the third ground for restriction was publication that creates suspicion and hatred.
among the natives against the government.
So, on these three grounds, government through this regulation, restrained the freedom of press in India which was relaxed by Hardingís just four years ago.
Now, Ramon Roy and many others treated these grounds of restriction of freedom of press archaic.
Archaic that means, audited that means, not very substantial, not very convincing enough and stated that it will In reality, grant the government and its functionaries complete immunity from any public scrutiny.
So, one of the features of liberal democracy is any act of government or the executives are subject to public scrutiny.
That means, any policies framed or implemented should be subjected to public debate and discussion and should be subjected to public scrutiny.
That means, the criticism of government acts.
are not just promoted, but legitimate in a liberal democracy.
It is an essential part of liberal democratic process of governing and governance.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was very quick and many of his colleagues were quick to understand that this kind of regulation on the freedom of press will in reality, give enormous power to the government and its functionaries complete immunity from any kind of public scrutiny.
So, any public scrutiny of public government officials and its functionaries can be easily clubbed in any of these three grounds and can be restrained from publication.
And that was their objection and they went to the supreme court and then king in the council that we will discuss in the next slide.
So, similarly, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Dwarka Nat Tagore and several others presented a memorial to the supreme court against this regulation.
And when it was rejected by the court, they appealed to the kings in council in London.
where it was again rejected.
We will discuss that why.
But significance of this memorial and appeal to the Kangan Council is something which we need to understand because this was perhaps first official or first communication addressed to a British monarch by any Indian.
So, that had its significance and actually, interesting part of this kind of development that it was by the natives responding to the regulations by the administrator of a nation which claims to be a liberal advanced civilized nation.
And they are articulating the liberal thought, liberal principles and cautioning the government or its official that depriving the natives or the colonized from this liberal principles.
principles which they cherish in their home country, but denied and deprived the natives in their state that will lead to some kind of challenge or resistance to the British rule itself.
So, it was this development was really significant given the historical context in which Raja Ram Mohan Rai was articulating and developing his thought on freedom of priests.
So, while the memorial to the supreme court was of pleading, so there is also the change in the tone.
of their articulation.
So, in memorial, they were more or less like pleading that this ban or this restriction on freedom of praise should be lifted.
But this appeal to the king in council was more elaborate in terms of providing the difficulties that might follow as a result of the continuance of this ordinance that is the restriction of praise.
So, what could be the possible percussion or consequences of this restriction on freedom of praise was elaborately discussed and reason for its removal.
was given in a very detailed manner in this appeal.
So, if you discuss these two measured texts which argues for freedom of press in one by one, we will find that memorial to the Supreme Court was presented the same year in 1823.
And in the beginning of this memorial and which reflected why Raja Ram Mohan Roy and many of his contemporaries were favorable or loyal to the British rule in India.
And at this point, one also need to understand.
That Rajaraman Roy was someone who was initially, very apprehensive or critical of British rule in India.
He considered it as a kind of foreign yoke on the shoulder of Indians.
But gradually, when he developed interaction or friendship or came to know about their ideas, thought, principle of governance, promises of justice and the way they administered the country, somewhat he got convinced that British rule is good for the country.
So, in the beginning of this memorial which he wrote to the Supreme Court, he presented an account of the loyalty and attachment of the natives towards the British government and also, asserted that there are no grounds for accusing them, them means the natives of India.
of misusing or abusing the freedom of press that was provided to them.
In the very beginning, he explained to the British that we are loyal subject to the British crown and there are no grounds, no misabused or abuse of freedom of press that can that a government or British government can accuse the natives of.
So, he argued that it was the wisdom and liberty displayed by the government that is the British government which was the basis of legitimacy of British rule in India.
So, support or legitimacy of British rule in India in the opinion of Raja Ram Mohan Roy and some of his contemporary was that British rule is based on good intention and that intention is to bring about social, political and economic transformation in society and improve the material and the mental condition of the Indian subject.
So, that was the basis for basis of legitimacy for British rule in India.
And he viewed printing and publication as the means of free discussion among the natives that could contribute to the improvements of their material as well as the mental condition.
So, for Rajaram Rai, this publication and printing or freedom of press was the essential for the mental and the material condition of for improvement in the material and the mental condition of Indian subjects which in any case in British rule India was intended.
or intending for.
So, he argued that due to restriction on freedom of press translation from both the Eastern languages as well as from the foreign publication will be severely affected.
It will subsequently lead to far-reaching consequences on the diffusion of knowledge and mental improvements of the natives.
So, the other arguments that he provided for freedom of press is that once you have freedom of press in a country that will allow you the text from other languages, other eastern languages and also, from the foreign publications.
So, the text published in other countries especially, European or American countries that cannot be translated if you have restriction on the freedom of press.
And if you do not allow such translation or publication of the text published in other languages or by the foreign publication, then it will have far-reaching consequences on diffusion of knowledge which British government through its promotion of modern liberal education was trying to achieve in India and improving the mental improvements of the natives.
So, this will have consequences on this project of diffusion of knowledge and improving the mental conditions of mental faculty of the natives in India.
as well.
It will also, percolate the natives from making the government aware of their condition and the injustices prevailing in the system.
Now, one of the significance of freedom of press is government can learn the grievances of the people and know about their issues and concern if they allow the freedom of press.
Freedom of press not just scrutinize government policies or implementation, but it is also but also, express the concerns and issues that is relevant for the people.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy understood this point and he believed that restriction on press will prevent the natives from making the government aware of their conditions and also, the injustices that is prevalent in the system.
Thus, it will disrupt the channels of communication between governed as well as the government.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was arguing.
for a kind of continuous communication between governed and the government and that is about the issues that is relevant for the governed and as well as their understanding of the prevalent injustices that is there in the system which government can rectify if it allow the freedom of press.
So, that is how he, why he supported and expressed why freedom of press is absolutely necessary for legitimacy of the British rule in India and eventual development of liberal democracy, representative democracy in India.
So, he believed that if such a restriction is allowed.
The natives will lose the confidence in the British rule to protect their rights and interests.
So, why Indians were loyal or had faith in the British because they believed that British rule is for the improvement of the material or as well as the mental condition of the people.
And also, it is based on just principle, liberal principle provided certain civil and political rights to the citizens.
And if such restrictions is allowed, then people may eventually, lose such confidence on the British government.
Now, in this appeal to the king in the council, he states that disregard of the subordinate authorities as the reason for their appeal to the king in council who was the guardian of their lives, property and religion.
So, that is the expression of loyalty to the crown and he believed that so, the king in council is superior or supreme authority to protect.
or to promote, to protect the onslaught on freedom of press or any civil or political rights guaranteed under law.
And if it is taken then the concerned person can go to the king in council and get their grievances redressed.
So, when supreme court rejected their memorial, they went to the king in council and they And there, Raja Ram Mohan Roy again, argued in a very elaborate way about the pros and cons of this restriction on the freedom of press.
He considered in this appeal, this ordinance on the restriction of freedom of press as an invasion of their civil rights.
And this civil rights is something which Raja Ram Mohan Roy considered absolutely necessary for the mental development and improvements of individual as well as the community.
is invaded if such restriction is allowed.
And he stated that enjoyment of civil rights was what distinguished the British from the previous Mohammedan rule in India.
And civil rights were one of the source of legitimacy of British rule and by invading them, the ordinance had posed a threat to their rule itself.
So, this civil right is something which is new for the natives.
which they did not enjoy during the pre-colonial rule, during the Mughals rule or in many princely states like Rajputs and Marathas.
So, civil rights which is something which is absolutely necessary for the growth of individual was something they learnt, they came to know about from the British and they considered that this protection of civil rights is something that distinguishes the British rule from the Mughals rule.
Mohamudan rule in India.
And therefore, this restriction on freedom of press which invaded this civil right ultimately, leads and poses a threat to the very legitimacy of the British rule in India which is the source of legitimacy of British rule.
So, his defence of British, his defence of freedom of press.
can be better understood from this quotation and this quotation is from this appeal to the king in council, where he says that your majesty is well aware that a free press has never yet caused a revolution in any part of the world.
Because while men can easily represent their grievances arising from the conduct of the local authorities to the supreme government and thus, get them redressed.
the grounds of discontent that excite revolution are removed.
So, this is a very powerful articulation in support of freedom of press by Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
So, what he basically, says is that and he is in a way, reminding or representing before the crown the case for freedom of press while saying that if existence of free press has never caused revolution in any country.
Revolution is something which challenged the existence of status quo and bring about a rupture from the existing system of control and rule to a new kind of rule.
And it happens, when the grievances of the people are not redressed by the authority or by the people.
in the position of power.
So, he is arguing that a free press has never caused a revolution in any part of the world because while men can easily represent their grievances.
So, if you have the free press then it gives you the platform, the space to represent your grievances against the local authorities.
So, most of the time, it is the lower level of administrative machinery against whom people have a lot of grievances.
And if such grievances get the platform to express to be expressed.
And then the superior authority take into account such grievances and rectify those grievances, then it will sustain or it will help in the durability of that rule.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is arguing about that thing.
So, if the grievances redress, then it removes any ground for the discontent that excite the revolution.
Now, where no freedom of press existed and grievances consequently remained unrepresented and unaddressed.
So, innumerable revolutions have taken place in all parts of the globe or if prevented by the armed forces of the government, the people continued ready for insurrection.
So, he is arguing that when freedom of press is non-existent, then there is no scope for representing the grievances.
And once the grievances is underrepresented or unredressed that lead to There is innumerable revolution in many parts of the globe and even if the government suppresses such revolution or insurrection against the rule for the time being, people continue to be ready for insurrection in the future when circumstances present.
So, the freedom of press is absolutely necessary for the sustainability or durability of the rule and it is absolutely.
critical for a liberal form of government.
Now, Roy also, presented some other arguments in support of freedom of press.
The other support he provided was that many Christian missionaries involved in religious conversion were also, promoting or distributing the native religion.
And Raja Ram Mohan Roy believed that if freedom of press is available to the natives, they can also protect their own faith from this kind of malign propaganda by the missionaries about the religion and faith of the cities.
At this point, one needs to understand also the significance of religion and religious rights in Raja Ravan Mohan Roy.
So, we have discussed this in the previous lecture on his ideas on religious reforms.
Along with civil, religious rights is absolutely critical for Raja Ram Mohan Roy and this is something to do with the historical times in which he was writing or mobilizing the public opinion.
And he considered British rule more just because he felt that in comparison to the Mohamudan rule or the Muslim rule, subjects of India feel more secure not just about their civil rights but also about their religious rights under the British rule.
So, the religion and protection of religion.
promotion of oneís religion and of course, he was also aware of the many evil practices in the religion which he wanted to rectify like Satipratha and promotion of women education or abolition of idol worship etcetera.
So, he wanted to remove those evil practices.
At the same time, he was also aware of the worth or the significance of the native religion.
So, he believed that if freedom of press is provided to the natives, they can also protect their religion from this kind of malign campaign or propaganda of the Christian missionaries to disrepute their religion.
Now, his other argument which is more significant is that this duality in the nature or hypocrisy among the British where they champion or protect liberal rights in their home country, but deny that rights to the colonized country.
against that Raja Ram Mohan Rai have argued that guaranteeing the British citizens liberal rights and freedom while depriving such rights to the natives of India will provoke them to question and resist the British rule in India.
And also, question or interrogate the intention of the British rule which claims to be a kind of benevolent more progressive government in this country which is hard to believe.
if the same government protect and promote such rights in their home country, but denied and deprived the Indians of such rights here.
So, that is duality is something which is very problematic and it can provoke resistance to the British rule in India.
Now, he also gave one specific that was related to the restriction on the freedom of press that it is unjust to punish the natives for a crime they did not commit.
And what is the crime?
So, if at all, any fault was committed, it was by the Kolkata Journal.
So, if you remember, why this regulation on freedom of press was initiated, this was because of some publication in Kolkata Journal which was published by Buckingham and the whole controversy starts from there.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is arguing that it is unjust to punish the natives for a crime they did not commit and therefore, to punish the natives of India for such a fault is totally, unwarranted.
So, it is against the whole.
premise of natural justice.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is arguing for the freedom of praise on these grounds as well.
He is also arguing that by allowing public scrutiny, the government do not invite a threat to itself.
So, usually, those who yield power or are in position of authority, they do not want to share, they do not want to invite any criticism to their performance, to their implementation, to their execution of policies.
They do not want to share such information with the public.
But, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is arguing that this allowing of public scrutiny, the government do not invite a threat to itself.
But the opportunity to rectify its wrong doings and also, will greater love and respect from the citizen.
So, the whole question of legitimacy of a rule is dependent on this provision of subjecting government policies and implementation.
to public scrutiny and that public scrutiny give the government chance to rectify its wrongdoings to correct its measures and also, earn the respect and love of its citizens which endure the rule.
So, he portrayed the ordinance as harmful to both the natives as well as the British government that is quite clear.
So, the natives will not be able to express their grievances and government will never understand.
the grievances of the people and therefore, cannot rectify such or redress such grievances which will ultimately, harm the legitimacy of British rule in India.
So, and the other side of it is their belief in the British rule.
So, many of them believe that British as deliverers and not the conquerors, father or protector and not a ruler.
So, Roy asked them to repeal the ordinance for the sake of both government and the government.
So, their expectation of the British rule was.
that it will champion or it will protect civil religious rights of the natives and help itself in sustaining its role in India.
However, this plea was rejected by the Kingsland Council and that is the point I said in the beginning.
This appeal as well as the memorial of Raja Ram Mohan Roy for the promotion of freedom of praise was rejected both by the Supreme Court and also by the kings in the council.
The reason that they gave was that India was a colony and hence, there was no public opinion in India and that is something very interesting.
So, the whole justification for British rule in India is that the Indians, I hope many of you are aware of this whites man burden philosophy that is they are here not to rule, but to civilize the primitives or the uncivilized.
So, it is God given responsibility of the British or white men.
to civilize the primitive.
So, their rule is not for the benefit of themselves, but for the benefit of those they have colonized.
Now, in such argument, they considered the colonial people incapable of representing themselves or governing themselves and that is the reason for their rule in a colonized country.
So, they are subjected to the more civilized progressive crown or the country of Europe.
So, the whole edifice of colonial rule or imperialism was based on this principle.
So, the Kingin council rejected this plea of Raja Ram Munro arguing that India was a colony and it is a colony.
Hence, there cannot be public opinion in India or legitimate public opinion in India.
So, government knows what is in the best interest of the people and what government does that is in the best interest of the people and hence, there is no legitimate.
so called public opinion in India which should be promoted or protected through freedom of press etcetera.
The irony is Raja Ram Mohan Roy was actually arguing for freedom of press because that will help in creation of such public opinion in India.
So, when people will write, articulate, assert their grievances, it will gradually help in shaping or constructing the public opinion in India.
And without the freedom of press the possibility of such creation was non-startled, it cannot happen.
So, this is the irony in the British argument for restriction of press and Raja Ram Mohan Roy argument for the removal of such restriction on the freedom of press.
Now, very briefly, on his views on civil and political rights, what we find is he is one of the first Indians who imbibed the spirit of constitutional government.
So, his appeal, his memorial, his support for modern education all reflect his belief in liberal, responsible and accountable government.
And he was the first Indian to imbibe this spirit of liberal constitutional government in India.
And the sole reason for his justifying the British rule in India was the practice of civil liberties.
So, they believed in the just nature and the true intention of the British rule.
in protection of civil as well as the religious rights.
And he insisted on the enjoyment of civil liberties for moral and intellectual development of the people.
He thought that because without the civil rights, there cannot be mental or intellectual development among the people and that is absolutely, critical for modern representative liberal responsible government in India.
So, the other side of such support for liberal constitutional form of government is his continuous effort in protecting the civil liberty, but he never thought of demanding political freedom from British India.
And that is something which invites a lot of criticism against the Raja Raman Raya and we will discuss in the concluding slides why despite of his support for civil liberties, he never actually wanted political freedom.
So, to say from the British rule in India.
Because, he thought the natives of that period, the historical circumstances in which Raja Ram Mohan Roy was articulating his ideas on freedom of praise, political and civil rights, he truly believes that they lacked the capacity of self-governance and therefore, supported the British rule.
And another reason for his choosing of civil and religious liberty over the political liberty was based on history as I was saying that comparing to the Mohamudan and British rule, he stated that although the political rights present in the Mohamudan rule are absent in later, people were happier in the British rule.
So, his argument is basically, during the Mohamudan rule, many of the Indians enjoyed superior authority.
They had the political rights which is by and large, absent during the colonial times.
And yet, people were happier in the British rule because of some guarantee or protection of their civil and religious rights which was plundered.
or insulted many times by the pre-British rule including Mohammedans and Rajputs.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Rai was arguing for the civil and religious rights over the political liberty and freedom because of the historical circumstances in which people were caught in.
And Raja Ram Mohan Rai was also someone who carried away by such kind of belief in prior right, giving priority to civil and religious rights over the political freedom.
So, according to Roy, it was the availability of civil and religious rights that made British rule more favourable and that is the point we have just discussed.
Now, if you look at the criticism against Raja Ram Mohan Roy, what we find is and some of the criticism against Roy.
We have discussed in previous two lectures, especially, from his conservative as well as the radical friends like Radhakant Dev and Henry D'Arazio, where basically, about his position religious reforms and modern education and we have discussed it in our previous lectures.
Roy's ideals, the other criticism of Roy is that Roy's ideals of modernity, he want India to modernize, to develop scientific and rational outlook about religion, society, politics, economy.
But his ideals of modernity had some basic flaws as it was embedded in the ideals of empire.
The ideals of empire, he did not really question or interrogate it or try to alter and articulate his ideas in contrast with the ideals of empire.
So, the ideals he had was deeply embedded with the ideals of empire and the way he wanted India to modernize itself.
was deeply embedded in the ideals of empire.
An empire has its own rational, its own interest and he fails to understand such interests and ideals and therefore, there is some basic flaws in his ideals of modernity in India.
The other criticism is like he supported freedom struggles in different parts of the world.
So, when Latin American countries were fighting against the Spanish or Ireland or many other countries were fighting against their colonizer, he was very supportive of such a struggle.
He was deeply gladdened by the French Revolution.
But when it comes to India, he welcomed the British rule and did not really ask the question of political freedom from the British rule.
And he considered it as the divine providence, something which is God's gift and only through British rule, India can modernize.
So, there is a kind of basic flaw in his ideals of modernity.
So, many people argue.
But we have to be very careful in such criticism.
I will discuss it in the concluding slides.
So, and the other criticism against Raja Ram Mohan Roy is that he failed to fully grasp or anticipate the evil Sobhavatiís rule in India.
So, many scholars argue that Raja Ram Mohan Roy did not really understand or grasp the rationale or reason that of British reason that of British rule in India and also the evil.
consequences of such rule.
Now, to conclude, we have to acknowledge that he was the first great liberal and constitutional reformer in modern India and played a critical role in promotion of modern liberal education, religious reforms and in protection of freedom of press in India under the colonial rule.
This is his remarkable contribution as a first modern Indian political thinker.
in terms of not just reforming their religion and the evil practices that is carried out in the name of religion.
But also, in promotion of liberal education and through liberal education, scientific and rational outlook which ultimately, lead to some kind of responsible and representative government in India.
And freedom of press is complementary to his vision of future of India and that he wanted to achieve under the British rule.
Now, his support for British rule can be explained through his historical context in which British appear to be more just and harbinger of change in a decaying society and economy like India in comparison to tyrannical rules of Rajputs and Mughals.
So, if you understand his support for British rule historically, only then we will be able to understand why did he support the British rule.
And also, historically speaking.
When he was articulating his thoughts, the circumstances was in transition where one set of ruler or ruling dynasty were on the decline with Mughals, Maratha or Rajput and British were on the verge of consolidating its rule in India on the basis of certain legal sound of or predetermined principle of rules and administrations.
And Raja Ramanuja, somehow, believed and many of his contemporary believed in the just nature or the right intention of the British rule in India which promoted or which protected, which articulated certain inalienable civil and religious rights of the people which was denied by the pre-British rule in India.
And So, many questions which were historically, available later.
So, in the later period, there are many questions which were there, such as the question of autonomy and freedom from the British rule.
These questions of autonomy and freedom of British rule is simply, historically, absent when Raja Ram Mohan Roy was developing his thoughts and fighting for religious reforms or promoting modern liberal education or supporting freedom of press in India.
So, easy for us today.
to ask why he could not support or articulated for political freedom from the British rule in India.
But if you look at historically and situate him and his thought in his historical time, in that time and expectation of horizon, certain expectations, certain questions were simply absent.
And that is why the question of autonomy and freedom from the British rule was historically in their imagination, in their intellectual.
articulation and thought was absent and therefore, they really did not imagine or articulated the political freedom of political freedom from the British rule in India.
And they believed that material and the moral progress of India was achievable under the just and that is the belief in the just nature of British rule in India.
Now, at this one, this point one can also make a comparison between some of his thoughts and the later thoughts that developed.
So, many of you might be aware of Dadabhai Naoroji, the un-British rule in India.
So, the question is not against the British or their intention, but the un-Britishness of their rule in India.
So, for a very long time, the Indians or many Indian thinkers or political activists were convinced about the just or the liberal principles of government.
of the British, but they were critical or they were questioning or challenging the un-Britishness or the duality of their rule in India.
So, therefore, the question of autonomy and political freedom which came much later in 1920s and certainly, in 30s during the Lahore season of the congress, we will discuss when we will discuss some other thinkers in India.
But in historical imagination or historical circumstances in which Raja Ram Mohan Raya was articulating his thought, this question of autonomy and freedom was simply absent.
And therefore, they wanted India to progress to modernize under the British rule.
Now, the other characteristic of Raja Ram Mohan Roy was he was willing to accommodate and learn from different tradition be it Islam, Christianity and Vedantic philosophy of Hinduism and promoted modern scientific outlooks towards society, religion and politics among his natives.
So, as we have discussed in our first lecture, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was a widely read person.
of a number of languages, almost 10 languages, he knew he can read and write in many languages.
And this voiced reading and comparative studies enable him to accommodate and learn from different tradition, different intellectual tradition and have a kind of thought which is accommodative of many good principles or ideas from different intellectual tradition.
And that is his broader comparative outlook and enables him.
to develop in himself and he promoted it in the natives of India to develop a scientific rational outlook to society, religion, economics and education etcetera.
And he was equally supportive of the universal brotherhood and interdependence among individual as well as nation rather than independence and isolation.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was also someone who wanted to engage, to interact and that engagement and interaction will ultimately, help in overall improvement of material as well as the intellectual condition of the people and both can learn.
from each other and he was supportive of such thoughts.
Especially, many other thinkers like Rabindranath Tagore, Aurobindo Ghosh carried such ideas from Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
So, what we can in conclusion learn from Raja Ram Mohan Roy is despite of his support for British rule, he began a thought, a process or intellectual tradition which many of his subsequent thinkers inherited from Raja Ram Mohan Roy and carried it in the intellectual political field of India.
And that is why he remained a very powerful, very relevant figures in terms of thinking about modern Indian political thought.
Now, for this lecture, you can look at some of these texts like S. D. Collett on the life and letters of Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
Then from the English works of Raja Ram Mohan Roy which is edited by Jogendra Chandra Ghosh, you can read these two.
two memorials at least memorial to the Supreme Court and the king in appeal to the king in council.
And the other text you can look at is Thomas Pantham and Kenneth Deuce and Makers of modern India by Ramachandra Guha.
And if some of you are very interested in locating Raja Ram Mohan Roy in the intellectual modern Indian intellectual tradition, you can look at this text by C. A. Bailey, Ram Mohan Roy and the advent of constitutional liberalism in India.
So, he studied his thought and activities in the larger constitutional liberal intellectual tradition in India or the beginning of such tradition in modern India.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is a very fascinating or influential thinker in terms of understanding or theorizing modern Indian political thought.
So, that is all on Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
In the next lecture, we will discuss some other thinkers.
Till then, thank you, bye and thanks for listening.
Hello Hello everyone, my name is Mithlis Kumar Jha.
and I teach Political Science in the Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, IIT Guwahati.
And the course I am offering this semester to you is Introduction to Modern Indian Political Thought.
This course is open to UG and PG students of Humanities and Social Sciences as well as the Natural Science and Engineering students.
This course, Modern Indian Political Thought, is one of the fascinating areas of scholarly debates.
and discussion in contemporary India.
It also signifies a shift away from excessive reliance upon Eurocentric views, methods and concepts to study and interpret Indian society and politics.
The major objective of this course is to introduce you all to some of the key modern Indian thinkers and their ideas which helped in shaping the society.
politics of modern India.
We have a number of thinkers in this course and I have tried to make them representative of all shades and opinion and intellectual tradition that help in shaping the modern Indian political discourse.
So we have a number of thinkers starting from the father of modern Indian political thought Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his views on religious reforms, modern education.
and also on freedom of press.
Through Rabindranath Tagore, we will study the ideas on nationalism, cosmopolitanism and also his idea of men.
Aurobindo Ghosh, through him we will try to study the concept of self, community and religion in Indian tradition.
Through M. K. Gandhi, we will try to study and examine his views on Hind Swaraj or Swaraj and his critique of modern civilization.
Through the ideas of Muhammad Iqbal, we will try to understand community, religion and nation.
Through V.D.
Savarkar, we will study these very interesting ideas on Hinduism and Hindutva which continue to shape our modern Indian politics in contemporary times.
Through the thinkers like Jawaharlal Nehru and B.R.
Ambedkar, we will try to examine some of the key or founding ideas that shaped the modern Indian politics like secularism, liberal democracy and constitutional morality.
Through the ideas of Pandit Ramabai, we will examine or study gender and caste.
Similarly, through Ramanu or Lohia, we will examine some of the tenets of socialist ideas and thought that was there in modern Indian political thinking and tradition.
So, we will examine his ideas on caste and class and also his views on Indian language.
So, this course is very fascinating and designed in such a way where we will examine or study at least most of the sets and opinions of intellectual traditions in modern India which continue to resonate in our contemporary politics.
And interesting fact about these thinkers are they were also deeply engaged.
in the politics of their time and also the most articulative of the major challenges and also they have the vision for the future of India.
And we are in a way influenced by their thoughts and ideas when we discuss about some of the contemporary challenges of our politics like be it caste, democracy, secularism.
nationalism or cosmopolitanism.
So I hope this course will be fascinating for all of us and I look forward to more interaction and invite you all to join this course.
The evaluation for this course is weekly assignments which will constitute 30 percent of marks and there is also written exam.
I would like to tell you something about the method of the teaching where I will request you all to ask your questions, queries and comments and you will get my response.
or from my teas within 24 hours.
Some of the texts that we are going to do in this course is by Ramchandra Guha, makers of Modern India, or Thomas Pantham and Carl Deutch, their edited work Political Thought in Modern India, and also the recent work of P. K. Datta and Sanjay Palsekar, Indian Political Thought, published from OUP in collaboration with ICSSR in 2013.
We will be also looking at some other texts which I will tell you like we are Mehta, Akash Singh and Sikha Mahapatra, Faisal Devji and many others as we proceed in this course.
So I look forward to hear from you and once again I invite you all to join this course and thank you for listening to me.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Hello everyone.
I welcome you all.
for this introductory lecture to this course which is the first lecture for this course on modern Indian political thought and I am Mithilish Kumar Jha and I teach political science in the department of humanities and social sciences IIT Guwahati.
This introduction is basically about the difference between political theory and political thought and what is so distinct.
about modern Indian political thought and in what ways it can help us to understand Indian politics and society better.
So that is something we are going to discuss today and then also what is the method to study Indian political thought, what are the thinkers we are going to study and why we have included some thinkers and why there are some thinkers which are also absent from the course.
So, we will discuss about that issue and then we will discuss about the challenges, the kind of problematics that these modern Indian thinkers were facing and in what ways they were trying to respond to such challenges, not just particularly to India, but also about the global world problem or world challenges of their time.
And finally, we will discuss the focus of this course.
and why we should study and in what ways we should study modern Indian political thought and in what ways it can contribute in Indian political theories that is the emerging discipline I hope in Indian academia.
So these are some of the things we are going to discuss today in this lecture.
As you know the modern Indian political thought it emerged in the context of formation of nation and state in modern India.
and in the making of the idea of India.
So, the beginning of modern Indian political thought is with the emergence of the idea of nation, nationalism and the way modern political thinkers in India began to theorize or conceptualize this idea of nation and what kind of India they are going to build and so the idea of India becomes very crucial to understand Indian political thought.
So, thinkers like Gandhi.
and his views on Swaraj and his critique of modern civilization help us to understand in what ways they began to theorize conceptualize about Indian nation and Indian civilization which is distinct from say western civilization or modern civilization.
Similarly Nehru and his views on secularism and statecraft and Ambedkar social reforms movement and his views on caste and liberal democracy these are the ideas which helps in shaping.
the modern political discourse in India and it seems that they were all engaged in this project of making modern India.
So modern Indian political thought emerged simultaneously with the emergence of nation and state in modern India.
However many people may argue that these all thinkers are engaged in one similar project of constructing the idea of India.
I wish to emphasize this point.
One similar project.
So, many people will argue that all these modern thinkers were basically engaged in one similar project of constructing the idea of India.
But in actuality if you understand his study and as we move on this course we will come to realize that they actually represented various shades of opinion and ideologies and also differed from each other quite substantially.
So it is not that they were just engaged in one similar project, but they were also different representing all kind of ideologies and opinion.
So, that we have to keep in mind while there is this ideas of nation or modern state in India, they also differ and represented different shades of opinion and ideologies in their thought and articulation.
Now, comes the periodization of IPT that is Indian political thought.
So, as this discipline evolved.
there is this division of Indian political thought into ancient political thought which is also Hindu political thought, then medieval political thought which is also called Islamic thought and then the modern where is the kind of reconstruction of in some way revival of ancient Indian political thought.
So this is the kind of classificatory division or a kind of understanding of a linearity in the evolution of political thought in India beginning from ancient to medieval and modern But, it really not, it is not really very helpful as we know that modern Indian political thought as it emerged in a particular context of colonialism.
And from there, there is a kind of break from our pre-colonial past, but also the continuity.
So, many thinkers like Ambedkar, Nehru or in to some extent Lohia, you will find a kind of substantial break from the Indian past.
but also continuity more so explicitly in the thoughts of Aurobindo Ghosh, Ramin Nath Tagore and also Gandhi.
So, there is a kind of continuity and change that we see in Indian political thought in modern times.
So, the better way to approach this political thought is not this periodization of history, but also the continuity and change that happens over a period of time historically.
Now, the other point that we need to understand is the emergence of modern Indian political thought was the result of orientalist challenges.
That means when they began to produce knowledge about India, their claim was you do not have any Indian do not have political thought because their thought conceptualization or intellectual tradition is oriented towards other world.
But that is not the case and the beginning of modern Indian political thought.
was responding to such kind of orientalist challenges.
And that we certainly see after the finding of earth sastra by Harprasad Sastri, when they claim that from the very beginning from the ancient time, you have different tradition of political thought in India including dharma sastra, neti sastra and so on and so forth.
So, the beginning was from this response to the orientalist challenges.
Now, comes the question what is the difference between political theory and thought?
Now, as you know political theory and political thought is intimately connected with the issues and concern that is related to politics.
So, there is some kind of overlapping, some kind of ambiguity when it comes to differentiate between what is political theory and political thought and also because it is connected to the issues or concerns which is related to politics.
But, one can also make some differentiation between political theory and thought, where in comparison to political thought, theory is more broader, also systematic and a generalized statements that help in understanding or explaining politics in a country or society.
So concepts like freedom, equality, democracy and justice help us to understand the society and community in a better sense.
and not just a particular community.
Whereas, political thought is considered to be more narrow and limited to articulation and reflection of a structure and functioning of politics and it is usually done by individual or a group of individual group of individuals.
So, there is a kind of differentiation between political theory and thought, but this differentiation is not really.
the compartmentalization of political theory and political thought on the one hand.
If you look at the disciplinary evolution of political science, for a very long time political theory derived its concepts and ideas from political thinkers beginning from Plato, Aristotle, Hobbes, Locke, Rousseau.
From their thought we derived certain concepts and then there is a normative term, there is the historicism and other kind of development in political theory.
So there is a dependence on political thought also, but political theory tends to be more broader, more systematic and kind of generalize statements which helps in the understanding of politics.
That is the working kind of differentiation between political theory and thought.
So thought may help theory in terms of increasing its vocabulary, making it more reflective and applicable to understand and explain any society.
So when it comes to Indian political thought or Indian political theory, we can begin with this Eurocentric.
views for a very long time which dominated Indian academia and many of you may be asking this question that why it is so necessary to understand Indian society or Indian polity using the concepts which is completely borrowed or derived from a context or a history which is very far from India.
So such and why we have to worry about Marx.
Hobbes and Rousseau to understand Indian society and Indian politics or to explain Indian politics.
So, there is a kind of Eurocentric domination or hegemony where for a very long time it was believed that only western thought or philosophy whereas in eastern or Asian and African societies and community it is characterized as tradition or culture.
So, this binary of waste which produce philosophy, which produce thought, but Eastern society which produce tradition and culture is now deeply problematic and many responses have come up.
One of such response in India came very early in 1950s was by K.C.
Bhattacharya, his text Swaraj in Idea.
So this Swaraj in Idea is like we should look for the concepts and categories or ideas which is rooted in Indian tradition or Indian society or so to say the cognitive.
freedom from the western or Eurocentric viewpoints or concepts.
Now the task for us is, should we in response to the Eurocentric views use a narrow nativist or kind of indigenous approach to understand thought or theory or we should avoid any binary between East or West or tradition or modernity or indigenous and foreign and focus more on dialogue.
which in Indian language also called Samvad.
Now this point we have to emphasize.
So for a very long time when a society study other society using its own vocabulary, the knowledge that is produced is not result of dialogue or Samvad because it is one knower or the producer of knowledge is always superior in the hierarchy of the whole structure of knowledge production.
But when we when or in comparison to that we cannot also have very.
exclusive, narrow, nativist approach to study politics or ideas and concepts in any tradition.
So, now the point is to focus more on dialogue where there is a give and take, there is accommodation, there is a plurality, there is a kind of inclusiveness in the approach and in articulation as well.
So, I would like to quote and how for a very long time western theories remain impoverished because the knowledge that was produced there is not really result of a dialogue.
or a fruitful dialogue between two tradition, but it actually some kind of export of ideas from one tradition to understand and explain the society in other tradition.
So Norman the Power, one of the political scientists Palmer said that from India may come influences which will widen the horizons of western political thinkers and which will also give political ideas is sounder foundation of philosophical and metaphysical.
So, when you really think about dialogue or some what then this possibility of a sounder foundation for philosophical or metaphysical speculation is possible and not when there is a kind of you know export of ideas and no the no import of ideas from the other tradition.
So, the dialogue remains very crucial to understand the political thought in a broader sense and not in a narrower sense of indigenous or nativist kind of approach.
Now, what will happen if we study Indian political thought in this way?
The chances are we can pave the way for the emergence of Indian political theory.
So many people argue that Indian political thought and Indian political theory, should we focus more on Indian political theory or political thought and which is more desirable?
The answer to such kind of question is that the political thought, the method as I am going to explain in the next slides.
is more helpful in terms of paving the way for the growth of Indian political theory and also in the corpus of existing concepts in political theory in general.
So, what is the method?
How we should study Indian political thought?
One is which is very conventional that is about the thinker centric approach.
So, we pick up certain thinkers or certain number of thinkers and we study the political thought in that community or in that society or in that nation.
or state by studying the individuals and their ideas through their writings, through their treatise and other works.
So this is very conventional when it comes to Indian political thought, be it western political thought or Indian political thought.
We have been for very long time use this approach of thinker centric study of political thought and we reduce thought to individual.
Now of course in the next point I will explain how we need to move beyond that.
Now, the drawbacks of such approach is some individual figures get prominent or prominent space in the political discourse of that country and some other thinkers remain obscure.
That happens when you study political thought by reducing it to thinker or keen some individual.
Now, we need to shift from this thinker centric approach to more thematic or theme based approach.
where we using one theme, one can study a number of thinkers, a number of works in a comparative perspectives and that gives more inclusive, more accommodative or broader understanding of political thought and ideas in any tradition.
So this is the approach we are going to take in this course where we will study the political thinkers but we also study the themes and we will see how that thinkers is situated in the larger body of thinkers or ideas that is.
that is there in their contemporary times.
Now why modern Indian political thinkers and what is their significance?
First, as I was saying in the beginning that their ideas emerge in the context of colonialism in response to orientalist thinking and they have metaphysical and epistemological assumptions that differ sharply from those of the West.
So that is the beginning of modern Indian political thought that was in response to the Now, in their metaphysical and epistemological approach and assumptions, they differ from the western approach also.
So, one of the classical ways or conventional ways of looking at western epistemology is the binary between modern, pre-modern, rational, irrational, material, spiritual.
In Indian approach, you will see more kind of synthesis or evolution of one stage to the other rather than the .
dichotomy of modern, non-modern, rational, irrational.
In India there is in Indian approach you see a kind of synthesis and especially so in Gandhi where you will see the binding or even when Tagore is arguing about whom and the world or east and the west.
So, there is a kind of synthesis which is there in Indian epistemological and metaphysical approach.
Now these thinkers and their ideas were future oriented, but deeply embedded in the present context.
It means that when they were, so these thinkers in a way was actually deeply actively engaged in the politics of their time and they were responding to the concerns of the present.
But they were also had a vision for the future.
So many political thinkers that we are going to discuss in this course also thought or had a vision about India.
So they were future oriented but deeply embedded in the present or in the contemporary issue of their time.
And, they were also as I was saying that they were political activist and they combined theoretical reflection with engagement of the engagement in the politics of their time.
So, with Gandhi, Ambedkar or Nehru, they were deeply engaged in the politics or the challenges of their time at the same time while they were reflecting about the society, politics, state and nation in India.
So, through them one can then understand the two centuries of Indian history.
With various ups and downs.
and as seen and interpreted by the men and women who themselves help shape and define these most interesting times of our country.
So, in a way this course will allow you to understand various strengths of thought in Indian political tradition and also its ups and downs over two century, two century which is actually seen and interpreted by these thinkers and they help in shaping and defining such ups and downs in Indian tradition.
Now, what are their concerns?
Their concern first was to harmonize between seemingly opposite or contradictory forces that was operating in the society.
So between urban and rural India.
So remember Gandhi talking about India's soul resides in the village and Ambedkar or Nehru having more urban outlook in a sense for them, village is the is the domain of superstition, untouchability or irrational practices and customs and scientific rational method or approach is to cure such irrational practices, customs and etcetera.
So they were trying to harmonize this urban and rural and also the other major challenge that we faced for a very long time and continue to challenge our contemporary politics is the question of national unity.
with the religious diversity or religious discourse that we have.
So, in India as we all are aware of home of different religions or many religions and these religions and identity construction on the basis of this religion which also deeply influence our politics tends to or certainly when these thinkers were articulating about the vision of India, vision of a state, there is a polarization on the basis of religion also.
So, how to harmonize?
or combine this religious diversity or discord on the one hand and national unity on the other.
That remains one of the greatest challenge for most of these thinkers including Gandhi, Nehru, Tagore and many others and we will discuss when we will discuss these thinkers.
The other challenges before them was the advancement of rights of lower castes and the women.
All these thinkers were also not just engaged in getting the political independence or liberation from the British rule.
but also to uplift the lower caste and the women which were historically marginalized and suppressed in Indian society itself.
So, the question of women education, removal of or abolition of caste, removal of untouchability, all these things are part of such discourse about social reform along with political reforms and political freedom.
And we will discuss it when we will discuss Ambedkar and Lohia and many others.
Now, the other challenge for them then was the individual freedom with social equity.
Now, many modern Indian political thinkers were western educated also and they realized the significance of individual or individual as a unit to understand a society, but they were also aware of the existence of community life or social life in India.
So, for them to harmonize between this.
individual freedom and social equity was also a challenge and many thinkers did reflect on this problem.
Other was material prosperity with spiritual accomplishment.
So thinkers like Aurobindo Ghose or Tagore or Gandhi to some extent actually deeply reflected upon this question of this western or material prosperity along with the spiritual quest of individual and community.
Then, they were also deeply influenced or helped in constituting the nationalist ideals at the same time they had global approach.
So, one of the example I can give you is Aurobindo Ghos.
So, Aurobindo was a nationalist and he was very radical nationalist in a way and he actively engaged in the radical politics between 1904 to 1909 or 10.
for a very brief time.
But his approach to nationalism or nation was deeply guided by the spiritual urge of human being which they thought after the nationalism there will be the growth or eventual development of cosmopolitan or international global ideas also.
So in many of these modern political thinkers you will also find where they were fighting or constituting national ideals, fighting for the national ideals or constituting national ideals.
They were having global approach at the same time to the national question in India and also beyond India's boundary.
So, the orientation of these thinkers then where and these thinkers were as I said thinker activist was outward as well as inward.
So, in seeking to unite their country and make it more democratic, they also looked at the most productive ways in which India can engage with the other nation in increasingly interconnected world.
So, these thinkers were not just concerned and bothered about India within its territory, within its geographical context, but also what role India can play in the larger human civilization or in global politics.
So, they were deeply engaged with the question of say imperialism, first world war, second world war, international organizations such as League of Nations or United Nations, etc.
So, several Indian thinkers had the whole of humanity and not just Indian as their audience.
So when they were writing or thinking about or reflecting about challenges, they were not exclusively bothered about Indian concerns alone.
They were having some broader or bigger converse in their reflection about global peace, harmony or justice and etc.
So their theories or resolution that they gave for Indian problem or predicaments, they That was applicable to the global problem as well.
So one of the example one can think of is the Second World War when Congress drafted a resolution where the anti-imperialist movement in many parts of Asia and Africa was supported by the Indians.
So Indian freedom struggle while they were fighting for their political independence from the British imperialism, at the same time they were extending their support to the other countries fighting for their independence from their.
colonial power.
And in this draft basically the reflection of the Congress party shows that when they are discussing about India's role in World War II, they were also reflecting about the question of democracy and imperialism.
So they wanted India to join the war because British were claiming to fight for democracy or free world, at the same time denying that freedom or democracy in their colonized country.
So, the many Indian political thinkers argued that you cannot have this dual stand of fighting fascism in the name of democracy and denying democracy or extending democracy in your own colonized territory.
So, India can very well be part of democratic struggle in any part of the world, but it can not join that forces when it has a dual characteristic of fighting fascism in the name of democracy and justifying.
imperialism in the name of denial of democracy in its own colony.
So, that kind of understanding reflect the deeper engagement of these thinkers with the global problem and global challenges.
Similarly, when UN was constituted Indian thinkers were engaged in this thing.
So, what you see about the engagement and as I was saying what the different strengths of thought in these thinkers.
So, broadly one can divide Indian thinkers into three categories.
So, one group of thinkers favored the of modern western modes of political action and organization.
So they thought they were in a sense modernizers also.
So they want to modernize India, but that modernization they want to do themselves and not by the colonial or the outside forces as the imperial power like British was claiming that they are here to civilize us.
But these thinkers were actually saying that we want to modernize, but we will modernize by ourselves.
We do not need outside force.
to modernize or civilizes.
But so they wanted some kind of reproduction to suit the local interest by modifying the concepts or the ideas here and there to suit local circumstances and then construct a modern India.
So, they were kind of supporter of imitation and reproduction of modern western modes of political action and organization.
Then there are second group of thinkers.
We were talking about revival and revival of and admiration for India's classical tradition.
So, they are basically the revivalists.
So, whole first few decades of Indian renaissance, you will find a lot of thinkers or activists talking about revival of India's glorious past or ancient past.
Then you have the third group of thinkers which tries to blend traditional Indian and modern western paradigm of politics.
is one such example of this synthesis and also to some extent Tagore and many others.
So, we will when we will discuss this thinkers will come to come to engage with this three categories of thinkers that we have in Indian modern Indian political thought.
The other question is to discuss this idea of tradition and modernity and the dichotomy between the two.
So, for a very long time many westerners and western scholars including some Indians believed India to be a traditional society and waste as a modern society.
And this tradition and modern or dichotomization actually does not help in explaining or understanding any society, because in most of the society no matter whether how much economic or materially advanced that society is, there is a combination of both tradition and modernity as many scholars have argued.
So correct we to to to.
understand a society is this combination of tradition and also the modern.
So in many thinkers, we will see this simultaneous presence or continuity with change or change with continuity in their thought and articulation as well.
Now I would like to say something about the presence and absence of some thinkers.
So if you look at the syllabus, there are remark very explicit or what I should say the starting absence.
from the list like Balgandhar Tilak, Gopal Krishna Gokhli, Dadabhai Naoroji, Subhash Chandra Bose and Dindayal Upadhyay.
So, I have been very selective in terms of choosing the thinkers and their themes for this course.
And that excludes a number of thinkers which I could have included even the contribution or their contribution in the thought or their influence in shaping modern India.
But I have been very particular in selecting some of the thinkers and excluding some.
But I request you all to look at their works and ideas as well.
I had some criteria to include certain thinkers and not to include so much of thinkers.
And I used some objective for that purpose.
So first was I wanted to include those thinkers who are representatives of various ideological strengths in modern inner political thought.
So I was, so some thinkers who are more or less talking from the same kind of ideological level.
or intellectual tradition, I tend to ah tend to include only one or those who are representative or key figures of that ideology and not all.
The second was that these figures like Gandhi or Tagore has helped in shaping the founding values of Indian republic and those values continue to influence Indian politics and society even today.
So, ah their contribution in terms of founding the ah values of Indian republic.
And, in what ways it shape and continue to influence modern politics as well.
So, certainly Gandhi, Ambedkar, Nehru, Lohia, their thoughts are very powerful in not in their time, but also in our contemporary times also.
So, I have used that criteria to include some individual and exclude few.
The other point was these individuals were both dealing with theory as mean at that means they were very reflective.
They were articulating the challenges of India and how to resolve that challenges at the same time they were engaged in the politics.
So they combined both their theory and practice and it is also called the praxis.
So those thinkers who were not just reflecting, but also engaged in Indian situation or Indian challenges I have included them.
So this presence and absence is actually .
determined by some of these criteria which I have followed.
So, the focus of this course is both individual thinkers which I have selected depending upon their articulation and also engagement with the politics of their time.
So, we will we have individual thinkers and themes that they have dealt with.
So, the so suppose Gandhi his notion of Swaraj or Jawaharlal Nehru his ideas on socialism or statecraft.
So, similarly we have many thinkers.
and their themes and we have the both.
The other objective of this course is to historically enable the student to situate these thinkers historically in their personal and political as well as ideological domains.
So one of the objective of this course is not just to understand a thinker and their ideas but also the ideological domains in that helps in shaping or constituting their ideas and their approach to politics.
The other objective of this course is to make the student familiar with the various stands of modern political thought.
So, this point I wish to reemphasize that there is no one singular hegemonic construct that was happening through this modern political thought.
If we closely and deeply engage with some of the issues and ideas they were engaged in, that will unpack lots of possibilities that can help us to understand our modern society in a better way.
Now, in conclusion I would like to say that modern Indian political thought is rich repository of ideas and concepts which emerge in response to colonialism and simultaneous with the formation of nation state and nation and state in modern India as I was discussing in the beginning.
So, that is the emergence of modern Indian political thought.
Now, a broader and thematic, so not limiting the political thought.
to some individual or few individual, but in a broader thematic way, if we study Indian political thought in that way, it can substantially contribute to the corpus of existing concepts to understand Indian society and politics better.
So, if we unpack these thinkers, their ideas and concepts in a broader way, more thematically doing some kind of comparative study and located them in the larger body of ideas and literature, then perhaps we can.
can better understand and it can help us better understand and explain Indian society.
It may also pave the way for the growth of Indian political theory which is marginal discipline in Indian academia.
As I was saying in this lecture that the political thought, Indian political thought has the potential to help in contributing not just Indian political theory but theory in general as we have seen through the example of.
Now, the other point which is the prospect of this kind of thinking is that these thoughts which we call modern Indian political thought, we are simultaneously emerging in various Vasa.
Vasa is the different linguistic spheres like modern Bengali, Marathi, Assamese, Tamil or Malayalam or Hindi spheres.
So, these ideas, concepts were articulated and it effectively shaped the political discourse in these spheres also.
So, I believe that their specific as well as the comparative study will further open up and enrich the understanding of modern Indian political thought.
So, once we unpack or expand the understanding or study of political thought from thinkers to themes and then we try to study these themes not just among the thinkers, but also in different literary spheres that may further expand and enrich the modern Indian political thought and certainly different vocabulary and ideas.
that we use to understand Indian politics as well.
However, this course is more about the key thinkers and their ideas or themes that led to founding of modern Indian republic and continued to reverberate in our contemporary politics.
So, our study will be more towards the thinkers which we have selected and their ideas which really help in the founding of Indian republic and continue to.
influence or evaporate in our politics.
So, we have that outline I would request you to go and find out these readings to understand whatever I have presented in today's lecture.
So, first is by P. K. Datta and Sanjay Palsekar, Political Science Volume 3, Indian Political Thought which is published by ICSSR and OUP India in 2013.
So, this book and particularly the introduction will help you to understand.
in a better way what is the difference between theory and thought, what are the new methodological challenges or methodological approach to understand Indian political thought and in what ways it can broader our understanding of Indian society or Indian politics in particular and the corpus of concepts and ideas in theory in general.
The other text you should look at is by Ramchandra Guha makers of India from the introduction again you will get to know about the powerful ideas.
of some of these thinkers and how they used their reflection or articulation not just to solve Indian problem but also the global challenges.
The other text is by Pantham and Deutch, Political Thought in Modern India.
Introduction from this text again help you to understand this different approach in Indian political thought and western political thought and how a possible dialogue can perhaps enrich the whole corpus of theory and thought in general.
So from this you can also read such approach.
Other text you should look at is by V. R. Mehta, Foundation of Indian Political Thought and M. P. Singh and Himanshu Rai, Indian Political Thought, Themes and Thinkers.
So, this is all for today's class.
I just wish to say a thing or two about the way political thought is done now and the way it was done by these key thinkers.
So, you see historically the individual engaged in political thinking or theorization especially in modern times where deeply engaged as I was saying that they were activist thinkers.
They were engaged in the politics and at the same time they were reflecting about the politics theorizing the politics and providing the solution to the existing challenges which was not limited to their time, but it has relevance in our contemporary times as well.
But now in contemporary times you see the domain of political thinking and theorization in academia.
in universities.
So, the scholars they reflect about the society, write about the society, writers, activists they do it.
But for us the fortunate part is all these thinkers were also deeply engaged with the politics of their time and face the challenges and were providing the solution to such challenges.
So, I hope this course will be very interesting to all of you and in the next lecture we will be discussing.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his views on religious reforms.
So, that is all for today.
Thank you.
Hello everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to discuss the first thinker in our syllabus.
that is Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And from Raja Ram Mohan Roy, we will be looking at three themes in his thought and in his work that is religious reforms, modern education, freedom of press.
So, today, we are going to discuss his social and religious reforms and his ideas about religion, society and how he actually conceptualized the rule of religion in the larger social and political space and sphere in India.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy as many of you are aware is considered as the father of modern India.
Now, why is it so?
Why he is regarded as the father of modern India?
What is his contribution?
And there, one can look at his role not just in responding to the colonial challenges that was there.
So, the context in which he was writing and articulating his thought and ideas.
military or the physical, but more so, in the intellectual sphere as well, where everything, which is western and European is considered and regarded superior not just by the colonials, but by the many Indians also.
So, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was thinking in that context, where he is trying to establish or assert the good practices and the worthwhile ideas that was there in Indian intellectual tradition including Hinduism at the same time when he is actually criticizing.
many evil practices or bad practices in the Hinduism.
So, and more than that, he was also arguing about the western concepts and ideas especially, his views on modern education and freedom of praise that we are going to cover in next lectures.
He provided some kind of legacy for the subsequent thinkers to think about, articulate and develop on from the ideas he was articulating in such context.
So, that is the reason he is considered as the father of modern India.
In a sense, his focus on not just believing and practicing something because it has been practiced for many generations or for millennia, but because it is rationally convincing.
So, his focus is again on the rational approach to religion, to social reforms, to polity and the political process also.
So, that is the reason he is regarded as the father of modern India.
in what ways he was contributing and articulating his ideas.
So, he was actively engaged in many ways not just as his official capacity of a monsi, monsi and also as a landlord and a petitioner, but also, as someone who was deeply engaged in the social, political and religious issue of his time.
So, through his memoranda, books, public activities, he was for religious, social, educational, economic and political reforms, he inaugurated liberal reformist modernization in India.
So, he was actually, writing his text, he was actually, debating with his contemporary peers and intellectuals and thinking about the social, educational, economic and political reforms which in a way, establish a kind of liberal thinking in India.
and began a new era of rational enlightenment discussion and debates about social and political issue in India.
And that is also perhaps one of the reason why he is categorized as or considered as father of modern India.
Now, in his thought what you see and that is something related to the first introductory lecture we have had is these kind of continuous evolution from a nationalist localized understanding or approach to the cosmopolitan international approach as well.
So, again, in Raja Ram Mohan Roy, you will find him as a cosmopolitan thinker at the same time, a nationalist reformer and his focus being on the rationalist thinking.
So, in his approach, why he is leading or a kind of break from the Indian intellectual tradition in the modern era is his focus on the rationalist thinking, rational approach to reform society, to reform religion, to reform polity, to respond to the colonial domination and things like that.
So, in his thought also, you will see a kind of deeper emotional, intellectual engagement with the social and religious issue that concerns the national polity that is his nation.
So, he is a nationalist reformer in that sense.
At the same time, his approach towards the monotheism and we will discuss, he is actually, also a cosmopolitan thinker in that sense.
So, where his understanding of men, religion, society, polity is not just limited to his nation, but also, can be applicable to the other nation as well.
And that is the approach in most of the modern Indian political thinkers as we will discuss in the next lecture.
thinkers when we will discuss.
Now, if you look at the influence on his thought, we will see a different kind of sources or intellectual tradition which influence his thought.
So, that includes Perso-Arabic, classical Greek and Vedantic as well as the modern western thought.
So, in Raja Ram Mohan Roy, you see a kind of movement.
away from a narrow particularistic kind of understanding about religion, society and the role of man to a kind of more broader and that more broader approach in his thought comes from his familiarity or understanding of different tradition or intellectual tradition of thought which includes Perso-Arabic.
Because he was very familiar to the Perso-Arabic and Islamic tradition, his father and himself being very closely related to the Mughal Empire and for three generations, their family served the Mughal Empire.
So, they were well aware and because of his education which we will discuss in a moment.
He was well aware of the Perso-Arabic thought.
The classical Greek and the modern western thought he learnt on his own through his education, through his familiarity with the colonial administration and thinkers.
And also, his deeply emotional intellectual engagement with Indian tradition of thought particularly, the Vedantic thought.
So, in a way, in his thought, you will find the amalgamation of all these different traditions that allow him to think about religion and society in a broader way, not in a narrow or limited way of understanding.
The second is he was also, influenced by the many historical incidents that was happening especially, the French revolution and also, the freedom movements in Spain, Ireland and Latin America.
So, these historical movements also, influenced to a great extent his belief in the liberal ideas of individual, society, religion etcetera.
Now, the other point that you will see in Raja Ram Mohan Roy is his mastery over various languages and that is also, something which allow him to think about and read.
from various sources, from various traditions and then, develop his ideas on religion and society.
So, he is a polyglot in the true sense of the term, where he is not just confined to any one tradition or any one language and had a kind of narrowistic, chauvinistic kind of ideas.
So, he was very comparative, very broader in his understanding and articulation.
So, he is considered to have mastery over 10 languages which includes Persian, Arabic, English, Urdu, Hindi, Hebrew, Greek, Latin and French.
So, this mastery allowed him to think about these ideas of religion, monotheism, pantheism and other things in a more broader and comparative ways.
Now, if you look at his scholarly works, these are basically, there are numerous tracts he wrote, but the most significant works is Tuhpat Ul, Tuhpat Mu'ahiddin which is also translated as a gift to the deists that conceptualize his major thinking and articulation about religion and the role of religion in social reforms or the rational thinking of human being.
And also, he was responding to the other challenges especially, the Christianity and the Christian missionary.
So, this takes the percepts of Jesus as a guide to peace and happiness is another such important work in his scholarly works.
Now, if you look at his time that is 1772 to 1883 and he was born into a high ranking orthodox Brahmin family in West Bengal.
And this family has the distinction of serving the imperial Mughals for three generations and that is why his familiarity with Arabic Persian Islamic sources and tradition.
This long standing service under the Mughals explains his familiarity with the Indo-Persian culture.
Now, it is interesting to know about his education.
So, he was educated in Persian and Arabic tradition in Patna, then where he studied many works including Quran and made to learn Persian and Arabic.
And then, he moved to Banaras.
And in Banaras, he studied many Hindu texts including many Vedas and Upanishads and Katha Upanishad has some significant influence in his thought and he began to understand this Vedanta or Advaita Vedanta philosophy there in Banaras and began to think seriously because of his prior knowledge or familiarity with Persian Arabic tradition.
He began to also seriously think and reflect about a lot of Hinduism texts and tradition.
Then, in his professional life which began with this European service in 1803, when he becomes the Munshi or what is called private secretary to the collector of Mursidabad.
And that allows him to seriously, study English language as well as the developments in contemporary Europe that is the ideas of Bentham or utilitarian philosophy, the focus on greatest benefit to the greatest number.
So, in his approach, he was actually, very broad in terms of his understanding about society and religion because of his familiarity with different intellectual tradition as I was saying in the beginning.
Then in 1814, after serving in colonial administration for a decade or so, he decided to settle down in Calcutta and for the next 15 years, he was engaged in furious.
and at times, very reactionary kind of debates with the orthodoxy, especially, Hindu pandits and the publicist over the true meaning of Hinduism and many issues including the Sati abolition, modern education and freedom of praise.
So, on modern education and freedom of praise, we are going to discuss it in our next two lectures, but here, we will confine to this idea on social and religious reforms that he was advocating and articulating, debating with the many of his conservative friends.
And here, I will just wish to name some thinkers.
So, on the one hand, he was responding to the conservatives.
among the contemporary intellectuals, where they were arguing that we should learn modern education and that modern education should not interfere with our glorious or superior Hindu tradition or Hinduism that kind of things.
So, he was in a sense, engaged with the Hinduism and Hindu thought, but also, aware of the many evil practices in Hinduism and that to challenge which he posed to such practices and such evil practices actually, furiated many of his conservative friends.
He was also, in that sense, challenged by many radicals like one Thoreau-Zio.
He was again, a radical figure in among his contemporaries who argued that it is very difficult to ascertain Raja Ramaharayaís position because on the one hand, he seems to criticize.
and attack Hinduism.
At the same time, he wanted to bring out the true meaning or true philosophy of Hinduism.
So, it is a difficult proposition for many of his radical friends that he was taking.
This period between 1814 to 1830s was a very productive period in his life in terms of intellectual contribution and also, in terms of his mobilization of social and political opinions for abolition of a lot of evil practices including sati which we will discuss in a moment.
So, during this period as I was saying the most productive phase of his life, he authored more than 60 tracts and pamphlets with in all the three languages English, Bengali and Sanskrit.
So, this was most productive period in Raja Ram Mohan royal life.
This period was also intentionally polemical and very productive and he published along with those 60 tracts which I was telling you, three journals or newspapers.
in Bengali, also in bilingual that is English in Bengali and also, in Persian.
So, in Bengali, he published Sambhad Kamudi, in bilingual, he wrote Brahminical magazines and in Persian, he wrote Mirat ul-Akhwar.
So, and through all these, most of the contents in all these newspapers or journals, he himself wrote and through papers, he was articulating the modern liberal.
reformist ideas on religion, religious practices and challenging many orthodoxy fundamentalist approach about religion and society.
Now, in later part in 1830, he went to England to plead on behalf of Mughal emperor to enhance his pension and he successfully, argued enhancement of the pension for the Mughal emperor and it was increased by 30,000 pounds on and he has a wide network.
in England with MPs, with the leaders and he also, made the king there.
But besides, that petition he also, has his personal agenda.
So, while in India, he was talking about lots of liberal ideas and modern political discourse and developments that was taking place in Europe and elsewhere in the world.
In England, he was writing more about the economic circumstances, social circumstances, challenges of colonialism in India for the England.
So, he was also intentionally, engaged in the intellectual discussion and debates about the future of India, the condition of India and how that can be reformed or enhanced or how people can be empowered.
And that intellectual engagement he continues to promote even when he went to England.
Now, in 1832, as I was saying, he appeared before the select committees of House of Commons to be interrogated at length on the material and the moral condition in India.
under the company administration and he wrote a number of tracts about such economic condition about India.
Now, this testimony that he wrote, he gave to the select committee, it is a very valuable source material for the study of early Indian response to colonialism.
Now, Raja Ram Mohan Rai was very conscious or aware of the fact that he was living in a situation when India is ruled by a foreign power.
the British, the colonialism is the reality of Indian political and civil life.
Now, in that condition, how Indian intellectuals articulated and responded to such colonial rule or colonial challenges.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy was one of the towering figure among the intellectuals who responded to the challenges of colonialism, where he imbibed certain liberal principles or values that is there in the modern European political thought and thinking at the same time deeply engaged or reflected upon the Hinduism and its value in the modern times.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy died after a brief illness in England where he is buried.
So, in his short life, most productive life he had in India is from 1815 to 1833, where he wrote a number of treatises.
had argumentation with conservative as well as the radicals.
And also, his intellectual works like Tohpatul Muhawad-Din, I was telling you and the other works he produced during that time and also, led the political social mobilization for the abolition of sati, modern education and other reforms in modern India.
Now, if we talk about his religious reforms, so one can reflect his approach to religion.
from his quotation, where he writes that there is always an innate faculty existing in the nature of mankind that in case any person of sound mind before or after assuming the doctrine of any religion makes an inquiry into the nature of the principle of the religious doctrines.
Now, here it is a very significant quote, here he is arguing.
about the role of rational decision on the part of individual before conforming, before following or before accepting any religious doctrines or principle of religious doctrines.
So, he is considered such inquiry as a result and he is very selective in his word that shone mine.
So, you should not follow any religious practices or religious principles because it is written somewhere.
or because it is being followed for generation or for century.
Until and unless you use your own faculty which he calls innate faculty to rationally decide, to rationally understand, to rationally argue, to rationally inquire, until and unless you are convinced through your rational inquiry about the principles of any religious doctrines, you should not follow it.
And that is his approach, that is his rational approach towards social and religious reforms reforms movement.
Now, for Raja Ram Mohan Roy in the historical context in which he was articulating and arguing, the immediate problematic was the social and religious degeneration or degeneration that he saw around his existence or his local communities or in India at large.
Now, this social and religious degeneration, one can understand by the wide prevalence of ignorance.
superstitions, idolatry, polygamy and infanticide.
So, this is some of the major challenges that Raja Ram Mohan Roy faced and he thought the very capacity, the innate faculty to reason, to argue, to inquire is actually degenerated because of this wide prevalence of some of the challenges that is mentioned here.
And even the idolatry, so people are deeply religious, But that religiosity does not come from their rational approach to that religion.
And so, what happens here in this kind of practices, you follow a religion, you claim to be deeply religious, but that religiosity do not help you to cultivate your mind, to cultivate your thinking.
to help you to develop morality, to help you to have better ethics.
So, for him, more than the so, what you have here is a kind of form of religion which is widely practiced, believed in and followed.
But it lacks the very spirit which helps you to develop morality, to develop ethics, to develop individuality, to think about social and political issue in a rational manner.
So, Raja Ram Munro was finding these things as a kind of major challenges.
and significant reason for the political or the social degeneration of his own people.
And he was challenging, he was responding not just to the colonial administrators and their domination about Hinduism or the debasedness or what is called this inferiority or superstitions and other practices in India.
But also, he was challenging or responding to the widely prevalent.
evil practices in that in his society.
Now, in his idea, if you have religious reforms, that can also lead to social reforms as well as transformation in the society.
So, for him religious reforms is not just a personal matter limited to the individual and through that one can achieve or accomplish spiritual heights or other things.
For him, the religious reforms is at the centre of social and as well as the political transformation in Indian society.
Now, from his wide ranging or comparative study of religions in the world, he considers the three basic tenets of all religions.
And these three basic tenets in all regions particularly, Islam, Christianity, Hinduism and other major religions of the world is belief in one universal supreme being.
And from here, he developed his thought on monotheism which we will discuss.
Then the belief in the existence of the soul.
So, for him, the soul is as significant in human being as his material, social and political well-being and the existence.
So, the soul and especially, when he talks about religion and religious reforms, so he was critical of practices and rituals or ceremonies which merely satisfy the form of any organized religion.
He was more concerned towards the soul or the spirit of religion which enables the individual to develop morality, to develop ethics and then better contribute in his personal and also, in his community social life.
So, for him, the religious reforms in that sense is at the basis of both social and political transformation, including the cultivation of human mind, thinking, developing morality and ethics.
So, for him, the… the soul which he believes is the part of the basic tenets in all the religions which believes in the existence of soul and then believes in the life after death.
So, he considered these three principles as the basic tenets that is there in all the religions.
And he as I was saying in the beginning was well familiar with the many religious texts including in Islam or in Christianity and his study of Hinduism.
Raja Ram Mohan Roy developed his ideas on Hinduism or the role of religion from his wide ranging understanding or comparative understanding of religion in the world.
Now, what he also, find in most of the religion besides these three basic tenets and you will find that this kind of thought is also, there in Vivekananda or in Aurobindo or many other modern including to some extent Gandhi.
So, for him, this god in any religion is one and the same.
And in many Hindu tradition, there is this belief that there is only one god, different peoples call him in different names, but essentially, the existence of god is in singular, there is only one god.
So, that is his understanding, but what he finds also is in all the religions, there are many false and objectionable dogmas.
and doctrines including in Hinduism as well as in many other religions including Christianity.
Now, specifically, in Hinduism, his attack is on polytheism and also idolatry.
So, the idol worship and that worship is considered as the major religious or representative of the religiosity or religious behavior of the individual.
And the polytheism, you know, kind of gods that you have in India.
And he believes that this polytheism, polytheistic gods actually creates sectarian morality.
Sectarian morality means limited to one locality, one community and that kind of things, not about the universal or modern rational man living and contributing in larger society starting in his or her nation state, but also thinking about globally or universally and responding and contributing to some of the global and international challenges.
So, his approach and that is why he is also not a nationalist reformer, not just a nationalist reformer, but also, a cosmopolitan thinkers because his approach is towards the universal, towards the global.
So, in his religious doctrine, now we will discuss about the objectionable dogmas or practices that he had found in Hinduism and the two is polytheism and idolatry.
Now, these practices are there in other traditions as well, but we will focus on that.
more on Hinduism.
Now, in his articulation of religion and true religion, he focused on the monotheism.
There is only one singular and to a great extent, it is influenced by Islamic idea of Allah as one supreme being and many Hindu treatise as well.
So, this is one of the most significant aspect of his religious thought.
Now, he believed that monotheism is the fundamental message of Vedanta.
So, the pantheism, the idea of millions of gods and which led Christian missionaries to criticize Hinduism because there is so many god and goddesses and there is no one organized religion or text or philosophy and that puzzled them, that made them believe that superiority of Christianity and there is only one religion that is Christian religion and that is why they promoted religious conversion.
and such things.
So, for Raja Ram Mohan Roy in Hinduism, particularly, he considered Vedanta and its message of one singular, single god as the basic source for his understanding of monotheism.
And he continuously, promoted his understanding of this kind of understanding of monotheism rather than pantheism that was widely prevalent supported by lot of conservative friends.
and intellectuals and Raja Ram Mohan Roy had to suffer because of his beliefs in monotheism against idolatry.
He was actually excommunicated and he had to constantly fight this conservative argument about maintaining the status quo about religion and religious practices especially, the orthodoxy.
So, his idea of a single Unitarian god, which was his corrective to the polytheism of orthodox Hinduism and to also, Christian Trinitarianism.
So, in Christianity also, they are developed after some time, this idea of Trinitarianism and in Hinduism, we are well aware of the existence of millions of gods.
So, he thought this monotheism, this Unitarian god is a corrective measure for such kind of beliefs, especially, promoted by the orthodox section of Hinduism.
So, he believed that monotheism supported one universal moral order for humanity, while polytheism justifies sectarian morality.
As I was saying that different community having different gods and their understanding, their moral ethical behaviour guided by such practices is actually, sectarian in its approach.
Whereas, Raja Ram Mohan Roy was arguing about a morality or ethics which is universal.
and applicable to the whole humanity, Nourjeshwans.
And that is a kind of shift from a nationalist approach to a cosmopolitan global approach in his thought even on religion, religious morality and ethics.
And that makes him a very fascinating and as I was saying, the first modern Indian thinker to articulate the ideas about religion, society and politics in a very rational and modern way.
Now, his argument with Christian missionary was to establish the strength of Hinduism even when he himself acknowledged some of the evil practices in Hinduism.
So, he believed that Hinduism is not inferior, where Christian or Christian missionaries was not happy with his approach because for them, it is the Christian or Christianity which is only the true religion.
that is why they wanted conversion.
So, Rajaram Mahaprabhu believed that Hinduism is not inferior to Christianity, although he admitted that the Christís central teaching can lead mankind to universal love and harmony.
So, while he acknowledges the contribution of Christ which mainly, which will lead if followed truly by the mankind to universal love and harmony to peace to happiness.
But he refused to acknowledge Christ as a divinity.
So, he believed that the original Vedantic message of the unity of God was superior to the anthropomorphic conception of God contained in the Bible.
It is because Christianity justifies the death of Christ for the atonement of manís sin against God.
However, Vedanta teaches that the that sincere repentance and solemn meditation can establish victory over sin.
So, here, Raja Ram Mohan Roy is arguing against the Christian biblical anthropomorphic understanding or conception of God, where one person sacrifices his life for the sin of others, for the empowerment of others.
He believes in the Vedantic teaching which believes that the sincere approach, sincere repentance and meditation will actually establish the victory over sin and every individual himself or herself is capable of overcoming such sins and practices.
Now, so, to briefly, discuss his views on Sati which is the practices he challenged not just politically or socially or emotionally, but also, using a number of religious texts.
So, his approach to Sati which is a social problem, but it has some religious sanction.
and he rejected or he challenged such practices using their religions.
So, religious reforms or his social religious thought is not just about scholastic debate about the meaning of true religion or true message of Hinduism or true meaning of Hinduism, but also, to remove, to eradicate widely prevalent practices like sati.
So, sati and his views on sati represents his social religious thought.
He rejected this theory that wife can or has to sacrifice herself for the sin of her husband.
And he cited many religious texts to show that these texts actually, permitted the wife to continue her life even after husbandís death.
So, mainly, because of his arguments and for this, he was fiercely opposed by the orthodox section of Hindu society including his own family, especially, his father.
And he was actually, giving the reason for abolishing Sati using the religious texts and Saint Hindu religious texts which permitted women to live the life even after the death of her husband.
And largely, because of his argument and political public mobilization, Lord William Banting banned, legally banned Sati in 1829.
So, this is the greatest contribution of Raja Ram Manrai perhaps in the history of modern India where his approach to religion.
religious practices help in formulating a law which ban widely accepted or prevalent practices of sati in India.
If you look at his views on caste which is a bit ambiguous.
Now, he actually, practiced or used sacred thread all his life and yet, he was very ambiguous about the practices of caste in India.
Now, he believed in principle that God makes no distinction of caste, it is the manmade distinction that is there.
And he considered this division between and among the caste is one of the reason for want of unity among the Indians.
So, he wanted caste to be reformed and that is the basis for the overall unity among the Indians.
So, but in his practices, he continued to wear sacred thread and that is why his views on caste remain somewhat ambiguous.
His approach and if we assess his thought, his religious thought what we find is he tries to protect.
the true spirit of Hinduism and to protect this true spirit of Hinduism, he fought the orthodoxy on the one hand and the external force on the other.
So, he protected the true spirit of Hinduism or Hindu religion from both internal and external threat.
The internal threat came from the Brahmins or the orthodoxy or the orthodox section of Hinduism which tries to protect the Hindu or Hinduism and that did not allow the large section of.
Indians to understand what is the true meaning, what is the true message of the text because that is in the Sanskrit which is in the position of the Brahmins alone.
So, he was trying to protect Hinduism from the Brahmins on the one hand that is the internal threat and the Christian missionaries and their practices of conversion which is the external threat from the outside.
So, for the practices of dogmas and other ritual ceremonious practices, he considered the priestly class especially Brahmins.
for the promotion and maintaining the status quo because it helps in their personal benefits and not in the benefit of those who are actually doing such practices, rituals and ceremonious practices.
Because ultimately, the role of religion is to uplift the man, to enable the man to develop certain morality and ethics which will come once that person or individual approach the religion and religious doctrine rationally.
So, on that basis, develop certain ethics and morality that is what he was focusing not on the practices of rituals and dogmas that was promoted by the priestly class.
The Christian missionaries that was operating in different parts of India, they attacked Hinduism on several ways by abusing and ridiculing the gods and saints in Hinduism.
They believed the excellency or the superiority of Christianity and there is nothing worthy or worthy enough to be followed or accepted by the men and actually, if such practices that means, different gods, saints, their beliefs and values practices.
It does not really, cultivate the better things in human being or the individual.
It actually, helped them to de-generate.
So, that is the Christian missionaries understanding of Hinduism and Hindu practices.
Now, they also, had certain some allurement in terms of material benefits to convert them to Christianity.
What is the approach for religious reforms in Raja Ram Mohan Royís thought?
First, he exposed the irrational religious practices and dogmas.
So, while he is establishing the superiority or not superiority, the true meaning, the true message of Hinduism, he is also articulating or identifying the irrational practices and dogmas in Hinduism.
So, that is his one approach.
The second is to promote western liberal education, we will discuss it in our next class or next lecture.
And then, he is also identifying or acknowledging the role of state to support these two programs, to eradicate the social and religious dogmas and superstitions.
And also, in the promotion of western liberal education, he acknowledged the role of state and that is why he is the first modern Indian political thinkers in a way, which believes in and acknowledge the role of state in reforming society, in reforming religion, bringing about liberal education.
came to be known as the Brahmasamad.
And this is something, which remains or which contributed in transforming the individual and the community about their views on true religion or enable them to fight the superstitions, irrational dogmas and practices that was widely prevalent.
So, he considered these Sabhas as a kind of instrument for social and political transformation in the society.
So, these kind of Sabhas and association.
and played a very significant role in reforming a lot of social and religious evil practices in Bengal and also, in other parts of India.
And it was first association which really helped and helped in the organization of traditional orthodox society to think or articulate about religion in a very different way.
So, the theological basis of organization that Ram Mohan Roy founded in 1828 that is Brahm Sabha was the theistic reading.
of the Upanishads which he interpreted as promulgating a non-ritualistic interior worship of the one true being.
So, that is the focus of Brahma Samaj where there is no idol worship, no scripture, no preaching.
It is like individual engagement with the one supreme being which is the spirit or the true meaning of any religion which he believed.
So, there was no ritual, ceremonial practices that was there in the Brahmasabha.
It focuses on the interior workings, the personal worship of one true being that comes from his monotheistic belief.
He tried to end the monopoly of orthodox Brahmins over the sacred texts.
Now, that is also, his significant contribution in social religious reforms.
Here, in India, you have a very small section of society which controls over the access of religious texts to the larger sections.
So, because these texts are in Sanskrit and learning of Sanskrit was limited to a particular section, Raja Ram Mohan Rai opposed to such restriction as far as the access to religious texts and sacred texts in Hinduism was concerned.
So, he wanted to make such texts available to the larger public in their vernacular language and he argued that the ancient Hindu texts including Upanishad upheld the doctrine of monotheism.
And to prove this point, he actually translated many Hindu sacred texts from Sanskrit into Bengali.
And that is the beginning, when you find in many modern Indian languages, there is the translation from original Sanskrit in the local languages.
So, that people themselves can read such texts in their own language and then develop their understanding.
or find out the true meaning or the true message of Hindu religion for him was the monotheistic belief in Hinduism.
So, that is the overall understanding of Raja Ram Mohan Roy and his beliefs in religious reforms and why religious reforms is the basis for the social and political transformation as well.
And against the colonial regime also, this is the interesting point to note.
that the response of Indians to the colonial domination or hegemony not just in military, political, physical sense, but also, in the intellectual space, the response that comes is from the vocabulary which is deeply religious.
Now, and that is there on the both side, Christian missionaries and colonial administration promoting patronizing such Christian missionary on the one hand.
Indian intellectuals and thinkers articulating about this true meaning, the superiority in a sense of Hinduism on the other.
You find Raja Ram Mohan Rai somewhat uncomfortable with this assertion on the part of Christianity or Christian missionaries that Christian or Christianity is the only true religion.
On the other hand, the conservative which believes in the stateечочку or idol worship or in fact, sanctioning certain evil practices like sati and many other ritualistic ceremonial practices in Hinduism which in no way, help in the individual self-improvement or empowerment.
Raja Ram Mohanraya was using rational approach to understand the true meaning of any religion, yet he was against this assertion of superiority.
from superiority of religion on the part of Christianity.
There is one anecdote which help us to understand this more.
So, there was one kind of rumour that he because of his criticism of idol worship or irrational practices in Hinduism, he was converted to Christianity.
And there was one Christian missionary which sent him a kind of pleasing or greetings and welcomed him in the true fold or true religion.
or superior religion of Christianity to which Raja Ram Mohan Roy replied that I am not someone who is going to follow leave one kind of superstitions and irrational practices to join other kind of superstitions and irrational practices.
So, he was uncomfortable with the irrational super superstitious or ignorant practices and belief systems in all the religion, yet at the same time, he was establishing the true meaning of all the religion is more or less same which you will find is there in other thinkers as well like Vivekananda, Aurobindo Ghosh, to some extent, Tagore and also, certainly, Gandhi.
So, he was actually, trying to establish the true meaning of religion which will help in the empowerment of individual as well as the society, the community.
So, he considered the religious reforms in India as the basis for social and political transformation as well.
So, using the idiom to respond to the colonial challenges in the idioms of religion, where the true meaning of religion is there in the monotheism and Brahmasamhasa and other associations.
Certainly, Brahmasamhasa played a very significant role in promoting his ideals.
So, on this theme of religious reforms in the thinking of Raja Ram Mohan Roy, you can look at this political thought in modern India by Pantham and Deutch.
You can also look at M. P. Singh and Himanshu their book on Indian Political Thought, Themes and Thinkers, again on Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
From Ramchandra Guha, you can also, find on Raja Ram Mohan Roy.
And this book, you can find some of the original excerpts from Raja Ram Mohan Roy about religious reforms, monotheism, colonial response and etc.
So, that is all for today.
Thank you.
Thank you.
