So, last class I have taken about that manner and place of articulation.
I have described what is manner and what is place of articulation based on the manner and based on the plate of place of articulation.
The IPS symbols we have discussed and we assign an IPS symbols.
So and we said that the vowels all the vowels are classified based on the tongue position and tongue height.
So, F 1, F 2 and F 3 their relationship I have discussed.
Now today instead of taking a lectures today I give you some demonstration to see the voice sound and identify the manner and place of articulation we cannot identify by viewing that that sample.
But yes, we can identify the manner of articulation and from there we can see what kind of concern and it is what kind of how the formants are moving or kind of things.
So those will be explained.
So if you see there is a number of open source software available the cool edit, then I have web surfer.
So I have explained in one slide that lot of open source that speech processing software are available.
Now one of them are the cool edit.
If you see the cool edit software that is also downloadable from the cool edit pro is downloadable from the net and then if you see that any when you open a voice let us I have recorded that this let us I give you an example let us go through that this is an example of a voice which is recorded for a English speech.
Let us see the listen that voice.
So, this is the voice which is recorded by a English speaker English speech some sentence Now if you see that this x axis which is written the sample number of sample as we discuss in signal processing that once you recorded the digital speech that this is x axis is sample number of sample or it can be time or sample then y axis is the amplitude if you see this the amplitude.
Now if you see this portion no speech that amplitude of the samples are very low almost close to zero line this is zero zero amplitude line.
So, zero line if you see this is recorded with forty four kilohertz sixteen bit mono.
So each sample is you can say that it is quantized using the sixteen bit.
So some value of the sixteen bit is there based on that value it is y axis is that value.
So it is a this is zero axis zero axis this is minus this is plus and samples are all samples are flawed and this is look like a sample speech signal.
If you see this see this portion.
is the silence portion.
And here there is a voice portion, there is a noise portion, noisy kind of signal.
I can magnify it.
So, if you see that this is noise kind of things.
If you listen it also, some noise signals are there.
Now if I see that this is a time domain representation of the speech signal.
Now there is another kind of representation which is called spectral view.
Look like a, you can see this is look like a mostly x-ray plate kind of things.
So, here what is there it is called three dimensional plot of the speech signal.
What it is done if you are not a signal processing background then broadly you can think about like this that suppose I want to know that frequency analysis of the signal.
So, I have a time domain speech signal S n which I plot time versus sample value sample value or amplitude now I want to plot.
What are the frequency content in this signal?
So I say my y axis is the frequency, my x axis is the let us x axis is the frequency and I want to know the each frequency content amplitude.
So then the power of every single frequency.
So this is a two dimensional plot frequency versus power.
This is also time versus sample amplitude.
Now the problem is that if I plot this way.
Then I do not know the time information.
I want the time information should be there.
So what I do?
I do a spectrographic plot.
How do I do it?
I will discuss in the signal processing class.
So in x axis, let us this is time or sample and y axis is the frequency okay and then the amplitude or power of the particular frequency is represented by a color.
It may be a color or it may be a black and white.
So black means the power is high, white means there is no power in this case.
In this case black means power is high, white means there is no power.
So I am not going details about the how the spectrogram is made that I will discuss in the signal processing class.
So if you see in this picture some portion are very dark those contain the high frequency power of those portion are very high.
So if I see this y axis is the frequency axis if you see.
There is a frequency axis.
So, this is 2 kilo Hertz, 4 kilo Hertz, 6 kilo Hertz, 8 kilo Hertz.
So, sampling frequency is 44 kilo Hertz.
So, up to 20 kilo Hertz it is there, 22 kilo Hertz, f s by 2.
Now, if you see the black portion are contain the high power.
So, if I say within 2 kilo Hertz most of the sections are black.
So, that contain the high power.
Now, if it is noise kind of sound if you listen it.
It is a noise kind of sound.
So if this is noise kind of sound, then you see the power distribution of the all frequency are present.
So there may be some dark portion are there, some light portion are there, but more or less there is all powers are there.
So I can say that if the random noise, the all frequency has some power.
So this is random noise.
So if I say who generates the random noise, what kind of manner of articulation, what kind generated those kind of random noise if I say fricative or if I say aspiration.
So if it is fricative that means friction noise will be there.
So I can easily say this is nothing but a fricative.
Now if I see here there is no power at all in the frequency.
If you see there is no power at all.
So if you see the time domain this is zero sample level.
So that means this portion is silence.
So, this portion is silence, this portion is fricative, if I say it I can zoom out this is fricative, this portion is voiced.
So it may contain voice consonant, it may contain vocalic sound, vowel, it may contain diphthong, it may contain semi vowel, I do not know, but it contains some vocalic sound.
So, vocalic sound look like this.
Again if I say showing this spectrogram I ask you.
just spot out that fricative sound easily I can say this was in fricative sound, this was in fricative sound.
I can say find out the vocalic region, I can say here to here is the one vocalic region, here to here is the one vocalic region, here to here is another vocalic region.
Now if you see interestingly in here if you go to the time domain, if you see there is a and there is a burst kind of noise is there.
If you see there is a burst kind of things.
If I go to the spectrogram, see no voicing then burst then aspiration then voicing.
So I can say here there is either a plosive consonant is there.
I do not know which plosive it is but I can say it is a consonant which is plosive kind of nature because there is a burst and there is a if I say this is non-aspirated because there is no aspiration in here.
There is a lot of noise is there that is why upside frequency are present.
So, if I forgot the noise, if I consider only this portion is a silence portion.
Let us try do the noise removal.
There is this tool has provided the facility that I can remove the noise.
So, there may be a 50 hertz noise in here.
So, what I will do there is a provision for noise reduction analyze.
Let us transform noise reduction the subtraction noise reduction I am not going details, but it is there.
So I can say the select the first silence portion, I can say this portion is noise portion.
So I can transform noise reduction, noise reduction then I can say get profile because this portion this is not sufficient to get the profile.
So I can FFT size I can reduce and then also it is not sufficient.
So what I will do I will select much more whatever is possible then find try to find out noise reduction.
then also I have to reduce it to then just this one not possible.
So, this one is possible gate profile I get the noise profile then I close it then I control a select all then transform noise reduction.
So, what it will do whole signal the signal is very long that is why it will take time whole signal noise will be subtracted as per the sample noise I have given to the system.
So, there is lot details are there signal processing details are there I am not going that.
that much of detail.
Since the signal is noisy that is why I am just cleaning the signal first.
Then I show you how the co is like that.
What is the occlusion?
What is burst?
If you see now, if you see this portion, noise is reduced.
Almost noise is reduced.
So if I see almost noise is gone.
Now if I see, listen it.
Now it is clear.
Now if you see, so he pronounced So, ka followed by a vowel, again ka followed by a vowel, again ka followed by a vowel.
So I can say if I zoom this portion only, so I can say if you see this is the if you see just little bit of unzoom, if you see this portion to this portion, this portion is transitory part.
So this is steady state vowel part.
If I show you, so this black color is gradually increasing and here if you see that almost steady.
Then again if you see this is just follow the mouse again start breaking.
So I can say this portion is nothing but a transitory portion when the vocal when we want to pronounce after the vowel we want to pronounce again ka.
So this is the transitory portion transitory between vowels and consonant.
So if I say I am in here vowel I want to produce a consonant then there will be a vowel to consonant transition.
That means that articulator is producing vowel let us a, ca, then it want to produce vowel co.
So what is the effect?
The vocal chord has to be open and the articulator has to be closed.
So vocal chord opening is not started but articulator is moving to close to produce the co.
So once the articulator moving to close the air flow is reduced the sound in the if you see the formant structure is changing.
from seduced vowel to consonant.
Then if you see after here no noise, no signal, if you see there is no signal almost silence.
So this part I can say occlusion part.
Then if you see there is a burst, here there is a burst, there is a burst.
So burst is happened.
Then there is a beauty.
If you see voice on set time, voice on set time is very less.
If you see here, if I zoom it and then I show you, if you see the after blast vowels are not yet started.
So there is a delay between the vocal cord vibration and articulatory opening.
So what is done, this portion there is no signal, then the signal is started.
Then what is happening, again it want to produce co to a.
So again articulator has to be go to position of a.
So there is a tangitary movement to reach the steady state.
So I can say.
is a V ot then again there will be a consonant to vowel transition.
So now if I see I can recognize if I give you a signal you can say this portion is nothing but a transitory portion, this portion is nothing but a occlusion, this is the burst then this is a V ot and then this is again consonant to vowel transition again steady strain vowel if you look the wave flow of the steady strain vowel.
almost all wall period are same.
So, I can say a two peak is period.
So, I can say this to this is period, this to this is a period or I can say here to here may be a period, here may be a period.
So, I can say almost all wall period are same.
Now, if I see the transitory portion, if you see the structure is not yet.
So, I can say here to here is nothing but a consonant to vowel transition.
That part vowels is steady state part called vowel steady state.
Then again it will start from steady state to consonant transition.
So, by seeing a waveform or by seeing a spectrogram, if you see the formant structure, I am not showing you the formant because this time I am not introducing the formant here to see the formant in spectrogram.
Later on I can show you.
If you see, if it is now if you see this portion, if it is if you see again consonant to vowel transition occlusion period burst, then if you see aspirated VOT, so long VOT.
If you see compared to O, the long VOT which is totally aspirated, noise like of sound, aspiration is there, noise kind of aspiration is there.
sorry, VOT is unaspirated and in case of kh, VOT is aspirated.
By seeing I can say, so I can say I do not know if I not listen the sound I cannot say whether it is a kh or kh, but I can seeing the spectrogram I can say at least I can say this is a some aspiration flacid consonant.
I seeing the spectrogram I can say this is a unaspirated I do not know the place of particulation because place of particulation if I want to know then I have to know how the tongue is moving because the difference between the ka and toh, what is the difference?
Toh is bilabial dental plosive, toh is dental plosive and ko is velar dental plosive.
So if I say ka ka ka ka and ta ta ta ta only difference is that Tongue movement from A to TA and TA to A is different from KA to A and KA to A to KO.
So it is one is the velar opening, velar closure, another is the tip of the tongue touches the tip to produce the TO.
So cavity structure will be different that time.
So seeing the spectrogram I can at least say what kind of manner of that consonant.
So this is KO.
Again I can go little detail then if you see this is ga, let us see the ga.
So ga is nothing in Hindi ga, Bengali ga or ga is ga, ga is whether it is English, Hindi, Bengali, ga is voiced unaspirated flossing.
So if you see the voice that means there will be a voicing during the occlusion.
So if you see the occlusion period there is a voicing.
So I can say.
Now, since the voicing is there, then it is voiced.
If you see there is a burst is also there, there is a burst, then V ot is less.
If you see the gha, let us I show you the gha, again if it is gha, if you see the aspiration will be there.
Again V ot occlusion period is voiced, burst is there and then you see the aspiration is voiced.
So, this pronunciation is a voiced.
Then if I say I do not know this is may be cha, I think it is cha.
So if it is cha then if you see occlusion, friction, then vort, very little vort then if you see occlusion, friction, occlusion, friction.
Now if I show you.
Let us come to the cha.
Only difference is that if you cha is if you see applicate.
So if you see cha, the aspiration, this is the aspiration part, this is the friction part and then followed by an aspiration is also there.
So cha cha.
Now if you see the ja, what is the difference?
This is the occlusion part should be instead of unversed.
it is voiced and then there is aspiration.
Understand.
So, cha cha then ja ja.
So, cha cha ja ja.
So, place of articulation I cannot say, but seeing the spectrogram from the manner of articulation.
I can say what kind of consonant it is.
If you see the retroflex, I do not know why the retroflex is this may be then that may be I think so if it is I do not know it may be Tau.
So, Tau.
So, see that again there is a vast unversed occlusion.
So, I seeing this spectrum waveform I cannot say whether it is a Tau or not.
whether it is a to whether it is a co but I can say yes it is a unvoiced unaspirated flossing okay.
So at least manner I can say.
So if you look like the record your different kind of consonant with vowel and look like what kind of it is look so you can see the look but if you closely watch the spectrogram then you find in case of retroflex the formant movement that will be a formant structure.
Here I cannot show you but in part it is possible to draw the formant also if you see the formant movement will be different.
So a consonant whether it is ko, whether it is to, whether it is to, whether it is po is only differentiate by the transitory movement from consonant to vowel or vowel to consonant.
So if I say the difference between the ka ka ka ka and ta ta ta only lies between the vowel to consonant transition.
and consonant to vowel transitory part where since the movement of the tongue is different that is why transition movement of the transition will be different frequency movement in the transition will be different.
So we only rely I have to rely on this thing to find out whether it is a ko whether it is a to whether it is a to whether it is a po.
So if I have a lot of confusion may be happen in signal parsing between this group.
And co is difference by the co is by only aspiration.
So if I able to find out the aspiration then I can say yes I can differentiate between the co and co because elsewhere there is no signal.
Occlusion is silence.
So seeing the manner you can learn what kind of signal processing I should use for what kind of application.
then you have to know what kind of signal I am getting and what are that phonemes it how it is behave.
So, I cannot say the result consonant recognition result of English and consonant recognition result of Bengali may be different because Bengali has more more number of stop consonant compared to the English stop and plosive even Hindi has more number of stop consonant compared to the English.
So, identifying the voice consonant is easy because voice there is a some signals are there some frequency composition is there, but if you see the difference between the co, to, to, po is only the transitory part.
If this portion is silence, there is a bask, there is a beauty.
And difference between the ko and kha is rely only on aspiration.
So I, this is very, very, if I want to find out the high accuracy, I may not get it between the ko and kha.
So that now there is a another aspect is the ko articulatory effect.
I am not showing you this is the nonsense pronouncing the ka, ka, ka, ka, ka, ka, ka, ka, ka.
This is very means very well.
behave but if it is continuous pronunciation, if you see I can show you in Bengali example, if I say I show you Bengali example that continuous things let us say Bangladesh one.
So if you see that the speak is continuous so it may be a.
So in words when I write if I write a.
or so there is a two words of there but if you say the continuous speech there is a no word boundary is there only continuous speech so that may be a vowel that may be a that may be a if i say this is what kind of consonant again it may be a because occlusion period is voice there is a and there is a transition i do not know which kind of vowel it is then i have to listen it i can see it ok then i can say this may be a because it is a fiction.
So, Bengali has a only only pronounce the so is there palatal so in mostly cases we pronounce the palatal so so it may be palatal so so so it is a so so there is a if you see there is a no word boundary if a if a there is a no gap between the two words when you say in a continuous but when you write it there is a gap in a words if I show you English example.
If you see there is a no gap, I can give you the number all you can understand.
So, if I show you number.
75461297 All in the number.
75461297 Now, I can ask you based on the manner and seeing the spectrogram can you identify the number.
So, this kind of problem people may ask you that let us do the signal processing later on find out the speech processing later on, but seeing the number if I say find out what should be the number this one and what should be the number this one.
So, if it is a 7 it should be start by a friction.
If it is a 7 then it should be start by a friction.
So that way I have to find out whether there is number words are different or not.
Okay.
Now one thing I can again show you, let us see this speech.
Now when you learn, when you heard it, you cannot find out, if you do not know the Japanese, you do not know what it is spoken or you cannot recognize the words, sentence, all kind of things, but if you heard the basic sound, you can understand the basic sound.
So, I can say that some language, so that is why I have said that to decipher the language is important to find out the sequence of phonemes to produce a meaningful pronunciation.
So, all the sounds are there.
All basic sounds will be same.
You can also see it.
I will share this all sound file.
You can see it.
All the basic sounds, if you see there is a maybe a ta, there may be a mo, there may be a no.
All kinds of sounds are there.
But if you see, once I play it, I cannot recognize it because I don't know the language.
But sound structure is same.
That's why we say IPA, International Phonetic Alphabet, which alphabet represent the sound only.
It does not depend on the language.
So, co may exist in Bengali, co may exist in Hindi, co may exist in Tamil, that sound may exist in Malayalam, that may exist in Japanese, that may exist in Chinese, that can exist in German also.
So phonemes are the sound, sequence of phoneme produce the message.
Now production of phoneme involve this part.
So there is problem, that problem is that some phoneme may be exist in Bangla but it may not be exist in Hindi or it may not be exist in English.
Some phoneme which is exist in English but not in Bengali.
So what is happen?
Suppose I produce the English, the speech which I produce in English language, sequence of sound is such a way that it follow the English language grammar but what happening is that my English cannot be say it is the British English, how the British is pronounced.
Because in case of British English, my mother tongue is first language is Bengali.
So, I learn that Bengali phoneme production.
When I learn English, I try to copy that production with the English language.
So, that is called L1 L2 acquisition.
So, details I am not discussing.
Details are there.
So, there is another part also, segmental, suprasegmental that part I will come later on.
So, what I was saying it is a segmental property that in a segment.
what is the look like this so this is called segmental property ok so i request all of you to find out to records or to analyze one number of speech signal see it in spectrogram or time domain try to find out manner of articulation of that production if you see there is a vowel transitory effect also there if i say i have a bengali sound i think i have i will show you So, if you see there is a word, one word is end and another word is begin, but there is no gap.
It is a co-articulate, it likes a complete single word.
So, that details I will come later on that.
So, there is no gap, main thing is that there is no word boundary which is define SP signal.
in a there is no silence.
I cannot say that this word is defined by this word if there is a gap in certain things.
So, there may be a silence in speech.
No.
All words are related to each other with a co-articulated effect.
Then there is a prosody will come.
Then the silence will come based on the prosodic structure.
So, I am not coming that part.
Then I can say the phonemes are have a co-articulated effect followed by a so there is a co, then a co-art transition, then a to.
the O transition, so all kind of transitory movement will be there.
Now if you see there will be exist some combination which cannot produce by me or which cannot produce, which cannot producible, so that combination will not exist in that language.
So if you see there will be no, you cannot find a case where there will be two aspirated sound will be clubbed together that is not producible.
So if it is two aspirated.
then one will be unaspirated, one will be aspirated.
So, depending on the how tongue movement restriction some combination of the phoneme set does not exist in for a particular language or that is not valid.
So, those kind of things also you learn.
So, then there is a called phonology that the written words not proper with the pronunciation words.
So, that part I will discuss in the TTS when I talk about the TTS phonology.
that word to phoneme conversion.
So now I will request all of you to record the sounds and listen that sounds and find out what kind of consonant it is then you can say you can expertise your skill.
I said one of the outcome of this course is that for a given signal you should able to level the signals.
So for that skill development you should practice it.
Let us look this kind of example I sometime given.
that sometime I have given that some I will give you some spectrogram and some words let us I say char or I can say that 1 1 2 let us 7 3 words I have given.
Now if I give the spectrogram of the 3 words and told you identify which is 1 which is 2 which is 7.
Now, if you see all three are vocalic, this one is nasal murmur, two vowel.
If you see here starting is a stop consonant or plasmid, then there is a two vocalic two.
Then if you hear there is a fricative sound in here, then there is also nasal murmur ending and the say then there will be a voiced consonant here.
So I can say seeing this is is fricative then I can say it is silent.
First one is plosive 2, first one is vocalic 1 that kind of things I can ask you.
Another thing is that I have just closed it again I open it if you see that I can show you how to see the pitch fundamental frequency let us see here.
So this is the vocalic region details signal processing I will discuss if you analyze the frequency if you see that.
This is frequency analysis.
So, I say instead of linear view, I can make it log view.
Now, if you see this is the frequency representation and this is the dB in power, power of the particular frequency.
Now, if you see this, let us scan it with little bit of high things.
So, if you see this is the fast peak.
So, fast peak may be frequency is called fundamental frequency.
So, I will discuss the finding out the fundamental frequency of a signal those methodology I will discuss why this is the one of the methodology to see the fundamental frequency.
Now, I can move this cursor to here and I can see this scan again fundamentalism may be changed.
So, the movement of fundamental frequency will be there.
So, that I will discuss later on let us not do it, but you should practice.
those things visualize different consonant find out i can say you the level the occlusion period level the bass level the v o t level the steady state portion of the vowels then level a diphthong then level a vowel vowel combination so those things are there in the slides and once you practice it you can able to relate it if you say that or if you can give the feedback that ok you have some difficulties then i will again take a tutorial to show you those kind of consonant and those kind of vowel combination.
Thank you.
So, let us the in the first weeks we have study about that space of articulation speech acoustics and overview of signal processing.
Let us start the new topics that uniform tube modeling of speech production.
That what is the purpose of that whole course for speech processing is that we should know how the human speech is produced ok. After knowing that can I able to mathematically model that human speech production that is our motto.
If I know the mathematical model is speech production system then studying the system property ah we can know what kind of speech property we should look for in the acoustic signal ok.
So, our motto is to developed a mathematical model.
of human speech production systems.
Now, if you see that we have said that this human speech production system has a two part, one is the gaudal vibration that glottis the source of vibration and that sound or vibration pass through the vocal cavity or you can that oral cavity and nasal cavity and produce the different kind of sound depending on the tube structure or the cavity structure.
Now, we want to develop if the glottis is produced sound, How can I model this tube model so that I can say I can if I able to design the mathematical model of the human vocal cord system then I changing the parameters I can produce the speech or what I know that if I know the exact model or approximate model of the human speech production system I know the model property.
So, I deriving the model property I can understand what kind of signal processing I should apply on human speech so that I can know exactly what is happening in here.
Now, if I want to model it, the complexity is that human speech production model is not a simple single tube.
If I have a, if you see in high secondary also you have studied that there is a single tube, if this end is closed and a sound is generated here, you know what kind of frequency you accept, what kind of sound you expect from the sound that depends on the length of the tube.
In human vocal tract the this area of the tube in here it is fixed for a rigid tube, but human this area is not same throughout the tube.
So, that area may be look like this sorry area may be this is the upper cavity let us lips then started this is the upper cavity which is almost fixed and if you see the lower cavity the tongue of the tip and then back tongue of the tip and like this way.
Now, if you see depending on the different sound production system, the structure, the cross-sectional area of the different portion of the cavity for different sound is different.
So, you can say there is two kind of variation.
While I produce the speech, speech signal is changing along the time.
That means the constriction of the tube or structure of the tube is changing along the time.
And also for a particular time, let us produce for this time t1.
that the structure the tube the cross sectional area of the tube in all section is not same.
So, two complexity one is that cross sectional area of the tube is not equal in every length.
So, if I say this is the glottis or this is the vocal cords this is the x equal to 0 and this is at the lip if you see this is the if this is the lip or if the dental and then there is a lip if I say there is a lip.
So, and at lip let us x equal to 0.
L. So, length of the tube is L, but throughout the length here cross sectional area is same if it is A and here it is also A.
Now, in here it is different, here it is different, here it is different, let us here it is different, here it is different, here it is different.
So, different kind of cross sectional area is there.
Now, once I produce co maybe the back of the tongue touches the upper cavity.
When I produce paw lip lip is touches close together main cavity structure will be different.
So, I can say for different sound or when you continuously produce the different kind of sound the cavity structures is changing with respect to time also.
Now, we could not consider the let us we considering that at for a particular sound with fixed cavity structure is there that is ok. Another simplification we done.
Let us think the whole human vocal system is nothing but a single cavity, single tube or single tube whose cross sectional area is fixed A.
So, I say throughout the glottis or vocal cords to mouth throughout the whole system the cavity is uniform or given the tube is uniform and it has a cross sectional area A.
So, this is called uniform tube.
Now, let us I consider it is uniform then we say cross sectional area is A even it is uniform then also the walls of the cavity is not rigid this walls are not rigid if it is not rigid then if the air pressure increases the area cross sectional area may change.
So, this is less vocal chord.
x equal to 0 and this is lip side x equal to L. So, if I if the if the walls are not rigid if this tube is not rigid wall then when the air pressure is passing through the tube walls will be the cross sectional area of the tube will be changed because wall will be deformed.
Now, neglect that part also they do not consider that part.
So, I am not considering we said neglect that part let us the wall consider walls are rigid.
Next one is that there may be a thermal loss, there may be a viscous loss, there may be a friction loss, let us consider that loss also not there.
So, we simplify that human vocal track is nothing but a single tube whose cross sectional area is constant A, there is a no friction loss, there is a no viscous loss, there is a no thermal conduction.
then try to derive the equation of this human vocal track.
So, uniform tube model.
So, how do we derive that vocal track equation?
So, if it is a system, if you studied that electrical system signals and system, if I have a system, if I apply a input, let input is x n, this I consider x n and output is y n, then transfer function if it is h n.
h n then we say h n is nothing but a y n divided by x n. So, we know how the sound is propagated input sound in here which is input is provided by the glottis or vocal cords after vibrating it inject the particle velocity and that particle particles will propagated along here and radiated from the mouth radiated from the mouth.
So, I have to know how the wave is sound wave is propagated along this tube, along this tube.
Now, you have studied already studied that wave equation you know the wave propagation equation.
So, what is tell that if I produce a sound can I mathematically express the.
So, if I produce a sound, sound is propagated in the medium with a condensation and relaxation condensation and relaxation wave.
can I develop a mathematical equation how that pressure wave is propagated from one point to another point that is the wave equation ok. Now considering that amplitude of the pressure if I say the wave is propagated linearly then we say linear wave equation here I am saying the amplitude of the sound is not that enough that propagation become non-linear.
So, I said amplitude is less with the limit within the limit and sound is propagated linearly in the medium and medium is also homogeneous.
Then we can derive the linear wave equation.
Similarly, here also we try to derive the linear wave equation, how the wave is propagated along the tube.
Let us try to do that.
So, how do you do it?
Let consider a single cube in here.
So, pressure is so, I can say this is a piston kind of things which produce the pressure in the air and that pressure is propagated along this tube.
So, if I consider a single cubicle let us I draw the picture neatly let us I consider a single cubicle.
inside the tube whose dimension let us consider the dimension are this is less del x del y let us del z del x del y del z.
So, let us volume is V is equal to del x del y del z.
So, this is the volume and this is the cube.
a small cube inside the tube I am considering.
Now, if I see there is a pressure wall in here.
So, the pressure is applied in here which is p. Let us I am saying.
So, if it is if the if there is no pressure is applied by the piston then inside the tube it is the atmospheric pressure atmospheric pressure means atmospheric pressure is what?
let us the that is the average pressure or atmospheric pressure what that is p 0.
Once the piston apply a force pressure then let us that is p. So, change pressure is a function of the piston may apply a force in here, how the pressure will propagate it that depends on the position where I am taking the position that x equal to 0 to L. So, this depend on the position and time.
So, change of pressure.
the pressure change is a function of position and time.
Now, if you see if I change if I apply a pressure ok, then what will happen the particle will start moving inside the tube, but average velocity of the particle is 0 because medium is homogeneous when sound wave is propagated medium does not change.
So, that means the particle velocity is exist I say medium is homogeneous.
So, I have already said some assumption I have taken that amplitude of the pressure wave is within the limit where the sound is transmitted linearly that is why we call this linear wave equation.
Now, if it is linear wave equation then how do I derive that wave equation?
So, what do you understand by the wave equation?
That means, Now, how the pressure from x equal to 0 is propagated along the tube, let us at x equal to L I want to know what is the pressure.
So, I want to know the pressure movement equation, mathematical equation of the change of pressure with respect to position and time.
And also mathematical equation for particle velocity with respect to position and time and also the relation between the.
pressure wave pressure with respect to position time with the particle velocity with position and time.
So, that I want to know that is why I want to know the derive those equation.
So, for deriving those equation you already studied it may be in acoustics or in wave equation derivation in first year physics.
We consider three principles of physics one is called Newton second law of motion second is called gas law of therionics.
and another one is conversion conservation of mass.
Think about if I apply a pressure in this this plane ok.
So, change of pressure and the pressure is exist in this plane is let us p 2 this is p 1 then I can say the pressure difference.
So, pressure if p 1 is the pressure then I know the pressure into area let us a 1 is the area.
and this is also a 1.
So, pressure into a 1 give me the force let us this is f 1 which is acting on this plane and force which is exiting from this end is nothing but a p 2 a 1.
So, difference of force is the cause of the motion of this particular this block.
So, I can say Newton's second law of motion the force equal to mass into acceleration.
So, the force resultant force cause an acceleration of that cube which is nothing but a force equal to mass into acceleration mass of the cube into acceleration.
Now, second law said the gas law of the hydrodynamic accelerate pressure volume and temperature under the adiabatic condition.
So, what is the meaning if I apply a pressure on this this block suppose there is a block I apply one plane one pressure is applied.
So, if it I apply a pressure the volume will be changed.
If the volume is changed mass should be changed, but mass will not change.
This increase the density due to the conservation of mass, mass will remain same density will be changed.
Volume will be changed because that cube will be deformed due to the applied pressure ok.
So, although the if the pressure is increases the volume is decreases, but mass of the cube will be remain same and this is an adiabatic condition.
So, I say there is a when the sound wave is propagated there is a no conduction of heat ok. Now, if that is the theory so using this three law we have to derive the wave equation.
So, again I can if you see the slides the assumption I have said.
medium is homogeneous, pressure change across the small distance, there is no friction in air particle, air particle velocity is small, sound is adiabatic.
Now, if I want to derive that equation, what I will do?
Let this is p 1.
So, I can say p 1 is nothing but a p 1 acting on the pressure.
So, it is p of x t, not capital P, small p. Okay.
change of pressure to for the d x distance.
So, it is nothing but a del p by del x into del x. I said change of pressure is linear, I am not considering the non-linear term ok.
This is the p 1 p 2 x.
So, if I say p 2 minus p 1 which is nothing but a p of x or I can say p 1 minus p 2.
acting of pressure in p 1 here it is p 2.
So, p 1 minus p 2 is nothing but a p of x t minus p of x plus del x t which is nothing but a p of x t minus p of x t minus del p y del x into del x.
Now, if I say what is the force acting on this plane multiply by the area.
So, it is A 1 multiply by A 1.
So, I can say the A 1 is multiply.
So, it is A 1 is multiply.
So, it is nothing but A 1 del p by del x into del x.
So, what is A 1?
It is a cross sectional area of this area.
So, this is nothing but a del z into del y.
So, I can say it is nothing but a minus.
del P by del x into del x del y del z because A is A 1 is equal to del y into del z.
So, I get the force.
So, it is nothing but a force acting on the cube.
So, force is equivalent to mass into acceleration Newton's second law of motion.
So, force is equal to mass into acceleration.
So, what is force?
Minus del P by del x into del x del y del z is equal to mass into acceleration.
What is acceleration?
Del V by d V by d t. Rate of change of particle velocity is the acceleration.
So, I can say it is nothing but a m into d V d t. This V is the particle velocity.
Now, if I say that then what is d v d t is a total derivative that and v is a function of x and t, v is a function of x and t. So, I can say d v d t is nothing, but a del v by del t plus v into del v by del x ok or not del v by del x.
Now, if I consider this term, this is a non-linear term, if I drop this term that this term is if the v the particle velocity is very small, particle velocity is less negligible in that case I can say that del d v by d t is nothing but a del v by del t.
So, in that case I can write minus del P by del x minus del P by del x is equal to M into del V by del t ok. What is M?
M is nothing but a density into volume which is sorry this that will be del x del y.
del z rho into volume.
So, rho volume means del x del y del z into del v by d t this will cancel.
So, I can write minus del p by del x is equal to rho del v by del t this is the equation number wave equation number 1 minus del p by del x is equal to rho del v by del rho into del V by del t. This is the equation number 1.
So, Newton's second law of motion.
Now, I come to the gas law.
What is gas law said?
P V is equal to n R T. You know n is moles of air, R is gas constant, T is the temperature in Kelvin.
That is the gas law, adiabatic gas law.
I can say or I can say p is equal to rho v divided by m into R T rho is the density v is the volume sorry p v v is the volume m is the molecular weight of the air and again R and T is there.
So, if you see here it is there.
So, p v is equal to n R T and p v is equal to rho v by m into Now, if I say then P is equal to I can say rho V V cancel rho RT divided by m rho RT into m. Now, you know the C square or C is equal to bulk modulus divided by that is you know.
So, bulk modulus divided by density.
So, instead of that I can write c is equal to root over of gamma r t by m where I derived that I am not deriving that one c is equal to so that that you can derive from the place of the adiabatic condition that if you required you can see the book and that is available and I can next day I can also that do that also if you required.
You send me the mail if it is required then I can derive that things also or you can see that my another lecture in audio system engineering.
derivation of linear wave equation.
Now, if C is equal to then I can say C square is equal to rho R T by gamma R T by m. What is gamma?
Gamma is not even specific heat ratio.
So, I can say from here I can say that P into gamma is equal to rho into C square.
P into is equal to rho into c square.
Another way I can say p v to the power gamma is equal to sorry.
So, another way I can say p v to the power gamma is equal to constant.
If I take the derivative with respect to t d d t of p v to the power gamma.
is nothing but a 0.
So, what is this?
I can write V to the power gamma into del P by del t plus P gamma V to the power gamma minus 1 del V by del t. This V is volume.
This V is capital V which is volume minus del V into del t is equal to 0 I can do that that is equal to 0.
Now, if I say what is V volume is nothing, but a A into del x cross sectional area into del x.
So, cube if you see the cube volume of the cube is nothing, but a y z plane cross sectional area del y into del z into del x.
Now, if I say d V or if I say del V.
by del t is nothing but a into del x by del t which is del v. If it is that then I can write a into del v by del x into del x I can write.
Now I put this one in here so what I get.
V to the power gamma del P by del t plus P gamma V to the power V to the power gamma minus 1 into A into del x.
What is A into del x?
Into del V by del x.
So, it is nothing but a V into del V by del x.
So, I can write V into del V by del x.
So, it is nothing but a.
v to the equal to 0.
So, v to the power gamma into del p by del t plus rho gamma into p into v minus 1 into v v, v to the power gamma del v by del x is equal to 0.
So, this v, is volume velocity and this capital V is the volume because here I have said del x by del t is nothing but a particle velocity sorry particle velocity sorry it is particle velocity.
So, this V is the particle velocity.
So, I can say V to the power gamma is cancel.
So, I can say del p by del t is nothing but a rho into p del V by del x is equal to 0.
So, I can say del p by del t is equal to minus rho p gamma p sorry gamma p into del v by del x which is nothing but a I said pressure into gamma is equal to rho c square.
So, I can say it is nothing but a minus rho c square del v by del x.
So, I can write another wave equation.
So, first wave equation was.
del P by del P by del x is equal to minus rho into del V by del t and here I get del P by del t is equal to minus rho c square del V by del x or another way I can write this one same way that I can write.
minus or minus del p by del x is equal to rho del v by del t and del p minus del p by del t is equal to rho c square del v by del x.
Now, if I want to know the pressure equation, so what I will do let us this equation derive with respect to del dx.
So, del square p by del x square let us minus is equal to rho into del v by del t into 1 by del x.
If I again do it in the respect to t minus del square p by del t square is equal to rho c square del v by del x into 1 by del t. So, if you see this side.
and this side what are the difference 1 by c square only 1 by c square if I multiply.
So, I can write minus del square p or minus this side minus this side minus.
So, I can write del square p by del x square is nothing but a 1 by c square into del p square by del p square or not.
Similarly, I can derive the same equation which is nothing but a del square v volume particle velocity by del x square is nothing but a 1 by c square del square v by del t square.
So, I can say this is the wave equation with this pressure wave equation this is the particle velocity wave equation.
So, I can say this is the wave equation with along when the wave is propagated along the x axis, but I am not considered the wave.
with the any particle velocity with the x y and y and z direction.
So, let us I say the wave is propagated along the x axis and there is a not other directional particle velocity.
So, friction force is not there, viscosity loss is not there.
So, nothing is there.
Then this is my velocity pressure equation, this is my velocity equation.
Now, I what I know, I know in the tube how the pressure wave is propagated.
how the pressure wave is propagated I know in the tube.
Now, I have to derive.
So, pressure wave mathematical equation I know, but I do not know what is the solution of the p. So, I have to second order differential equation.
I can solve that second order differential equation and find out the equation for p solution of the second order differential equation.
And then try to find out how what should be the transfer function of this vocal tract tube ok.
So, next class we try to derive.
the transfer function of single tube.
Thank you.
Now, last class we were discussing about the basilar membrane.
So, if you see this picture, this is the basilar membrane which is inside the cochlea.
So, the cochlea is full of liquid.
and basilar membrane is floated there.
So, you can see the basilar membrane divided the cochlea in two parts, one is called upper and lower part.
Now, this is the beginning part and this is the end part of the basilar membrane.
So, this is the apex and this is the base.
Along the cochlear membrane, there is a some you can say there is a some kind of normal arrangement that is called if you see it.
there is a we call inner hair cell.
So, there is a inner hair cell basilar membrane, there is a this kind of you can say the narval sensor.
Let us think about the narval sensor, there is a sensor kind of things in there.
So, if I see if I all along the basilar membrane and it is responsible the high frequency, high frequency sensing nerve are present in here and low frequency are here.
Why?
Because if you see in speech production side due to the radiation load the low frequency signals are high amplitude frequency or high amplitude compared to the high frequency.
So, the acoustics wave which is speech wave which is coming that has a high frequency or less amplitude compared to the low frequency sound.
So, the mechanical motion or high frequency mechanical motions are amplitude or less.
So, that is why this high frequency sensor are in the beginning and in the apex are the low frequency sensor.
Now, each this kind of sensor acts as an responsible for a particular frequency range.
So, I can say let this is the basilar membrane, let this divided with a this is the sensors.
each of the sensor is responsible for particular frequency band.
So, let us this perceive 0 to 5 hertz, let us this perceive 5 hertz to this 10 kilohertz or you can say 2 hertz to 10 6 hertz.
So, there is a overlapping frequency band is by perceived by each and every sensor.
So, I can see The Besselier membrane is nothing but a output of a different filter bank.
If I think in engineering model, I can think the human conversion of acoustical signal or you can mechanical signal to the normal signal is nothing but a sensor or nothing but a tank circuits or which is a particular filter or tank circuits or you can the sensor is active for a particular band.
then it is called tank circuit.
So, it is a tank circuit this is H 1 sensor, there will be H 2 sensor, there will be H 3 sensor.
So, H 1, H 2, H 3 is nothing, but a band pass filter I can consider.
So, I can say it is nothing, but a filter bank analysis by the human basilar membrane.
So, whatever the input signal come it pass through a particular band of filter and ultimately response of the each band.
is the neuron signal and that goes to the central brain system so that it can process for human cognition.
So, how it is convert mechanism is called inner hair cell there is a lot like the inner hair cell each of that sensor there is a 10 to I think 10 nerve fiber each of the different diameter one inner hair cell consist of 10 nerve fiber auditory nerve fiber.
So, that convert that things.
So, now come to that we know that how human being perceive the sound, how human basilar membrane convert that mechanical motion to normal motion.
Now, think about in engineering model we said so basilar membrane response maximally to different input frequency, frequency tuning occur at basilar moment.
So, I can say that each of the tank circuit is responsible for a particular frequency band which is a constant Q filter.
So, I can say let this is particular frequency band, this is also responsible is particular frequency band.
Then I want to know is this band are linear or is this band are non-linear.
So, bandwidth of the each of the particular filter is it linear overlapping or non-linear overlapping?
How do you define that?
How do you I do know that things whether it is a non-linear and linear?
So, we can do some experiment later I will come.
So, these bands are called you can say that Burke scale.
So, I will come later on that what is Burke scale.
So, physiologically I can say human perception or human the frequency which is heard by the human being or sound which is sense by a human being is done on the basilar membrane while it is as a different frequency tank circuit and bandwidth of non-linear then we will come later on that what is how do you define this non-linear scale.
Then how do you perceive the frequency?
We said each one is the particular band, if it is band then how do you perceive the frequency?
Because this is this is nothing but if it is this is this is a particular this is a nerve fiber this is nerve fiber if I say this is the high frequency and this is for low frequency.
Then are this suppose I said I have a frequency response 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz let us there is a.
100 tank circuit.
I know the bandwidth of each and each and tank circuit.
Now, suppose I want to perceive some, so is it is 20 hertz, it is 30 hertz like that way or non-linear way and whether this fiber, how this fiber is responsible particular frequency that I want to know.
So, this there is a two theory, one is called temporal frequency, which is called temporal theory and another is called place theory.
So, this first theory is that the basic of the temporal theory of the pitch perception is timing of neural firing which occur in response to vibration of the basilar membrane.
Timing of the neural firing is perceived as a frequency.
So, periodic stimulation of membrane match frequency of sound.
Once electrical impulse at every week, every peak.
Next one is called place theory.
Wave move.
down basilar membrane stimulation increase increases peak and peak quickly taper location of the peak if you see if the stimulation if the stimulation I have stimulated the cochlear and that increase the peak motion is.
So, I can say let us this is my basilar membrane this is my.
So, if I wave is mechanical wave is stimulated then this will be look like this wave is moving like this along the basilar membrane.
in a wave.
So, stimulus increases the peak and quickly taper if I say this portion is increase and taper increase and taper.
So, increase and taper and increase this kind of motion will be happen.
So, location of the peak depends on frequency of sound lower frequency being further away.
So, if the peak is occur in here location of the peak if occur in here then it it perceive the frequency.
So, there is a One is called timing, another is called location of the pin.
So, that is why local place theory, another is called frequency or temporal theory, frequency theory.
Now, human being perceive the sound.
So, I can say that human perception of an input sound has two part.
One is the perception of the frequency, another is the perception of the signal.
amplitude.
So, if I produce a you can say the let us 500 hertz acoustic signal, it has a frequency, it has an amplitude.
So, human being perceive frequency and also perceive as well as perceive the amplitude of the particular frequency.
So, two perception things is there.
Now I have to know how accurate we are in perception of amplitude and frequency.
What do you mean by accuracy?
You can say think about the resolution.
So, suppose I have a straight line and I want to measure the straight line in some small scale or I say there is a line which is like this.
If I want to measure in a scale small scale, why put the scale along this line?
Now, if my scale is larger, then I put the scale here and again I put the scale here.
Now, if you see if I approximate it long section, then I may lose some error or I may introduce some error.
So, that means, how accurately I can perceive the sound.
So, either a human being perceive every harsh of the sound.
If it is possible that the human being will perceive 1 hertz, 2 hertz, 3 hertz, 4 hertz, 5 hertz, 6 hertz, 7 hertz and like that way or for a particular frequency in a band.
Similarly, if I increase the intensity, are we able to linearly perceive the intensity increase or in which scale, whether I able to differentiate between the 2 dB and 2.5 dB or 2.12 dB or not.
So, that is the resolving power of the human being.
I have to know.
How good an estimation of the fundamental frequency?
So, in the frequency domain and intensity domain, there is a some parameter.
Fundamental frequency, the resolving power is 0.3 to 0.5 percent.
So, if I say my F 0 is 200 hertz and somebody's F 0 is is less 201 hertz, whether can I am able to differentiate between this 200 hertz and 201 hertz?
It said it is 0.3 to 0.5 percent.
That means, if the difference is lie between this range, we cannot differentiate the two frequency, two frequency.
So, we cannot separate them.
So, let us 0.3.
So, 0.3 percent means 0.3 divided by 100 into 200 let us say 0.6.
So, if it is let us if it is for the 300 hertz, 300 hertz then 0.9.
So, I can say approximately 201 hertz frequency and 200 hertz frequency I cannot differentiate.
If it is 1 kilohertz then 0.3 by 100 into 1 k it is nothing but a 3 hertz.
So, if I say the perception of the frequency is different in different frequency range.
So, this is not a linear scale it is a non-linear perception.
So, how do you perceive if it is high frequency the difference the perception will be more rough I can say the bandwidth will be perception bandwidth is a larger.
So, I can say that initially for the low frequency my resolving power is very high, but at high frequency resolving power is very low.
So, that means, at high frequency I cannot separate the 2 less 3 1 kilo hertz and 1.100 1.03 003 3 hertz that I cannot kilo hertz I cannot separate, but at low frequency almost 1 hertz difference I can understand.
So, low frequency level human perception reservation power is much more high frequency level we do not have that much of reservation power ok.
So, in high frequency accuracy so, suppose a suppose I want to copy an instrument.
So, I can say high frequency details information are not that much of required because human being cannot perceive the high frequency in a high resolution.
fundamental then the formant frequency you know the formant frequency is nothing but a formant position in the speech so fast formant around 500 hertz ok if it is uniform to 500 hertz so almost 500 around 500 hertz will be the fast formant so i can say 3 to 5 percent so if it is 500 hertz then 3 divided by 100 into 500 so almost 15 hertz error in formant being cannot differentiate.
So, suppose I extract a formant frequency of a particular vowel, let us see 450 hertz.
If it is differ by 10 hertz instead of 450, if it is 460 hertz, then also human being cannot distinguish the difference, because we do not have resolving power of this formant position.
Then, formant bandwidth, this is the formant bandwidth, 20 to 40 percent error.
So, suppose R let us R has a form and first form and bandwidth let us 65 hertz even if instead of 65 we if it is 20 percent error.
So, 20 to 40 percent variation we cannot distinguish.
So, let us 30 percent variation we cannot distinguish.
So, 30 divided by 100 into 65.
18 hertz difference.
So, instead of 65, even if it is 65 plus 18 hertz, then also we cannot see any difference.
That is called just noticeable difference J N D. So, due to the limitation of human perception, we cannot distinguish.
if the range is within this limit.
Intensity 1.5 dB overall, if it is 50 dB and if it is less 51.5 dB, no difference.
For a same frequency, if the two 50 dB and 51.5 dB, we cannot perceive the differences.
Now, I come to the physical dimension of the sound.
and physiological or you can say the cycle or the perceptual dimension of the sound.
So, that is obvious you know that that height of the amplitude, frequency, wavelength and their property you know that.
Now, I call auditory perception.
So, auditory perception is branch of psychophysics you know that.
So, perception and physiological physical property of stimuli.
So, physical dimension as we have said is the measurable, but perceptual dimension is the mental exercise or you can say physiological output.
If I excited by a physical stimulus, what kind of output I observe based on that characteristics, I can measure the perceptual dimension parameter.
Now, if it is sound I have not detailed discuss about the human visual auditory system, visual psychophysics, auditory psychophysics.
Pitch, loudness, timbre are called perceptual dimension of the speech.
or you can say the sound wave or sound sound perception of the human being.
Pitch, loudness, timbre, physical properties, fundamental frequency, intensity, spectrum envelope or amplitude envelope you can say.
So, what is this?
If you say pitch, sometime you see that many of you may be practices music.
You say that somebody guru said that you set the harmonium at flat B scale.
because your pitch will be around let us 200 hertz so flat B or 180 hertz flat B.
So, that is nothing but a average pitch.
We say average pitch, but pitch is a perceptual parameter.
So, 180 hertz is nothing but a fundamental frequency average fundamental frequency of that signal not the pitch.
So, we sometime we say the pitch example is that suppose you say I play a tanpura.
and a harmonium and a say the guitar let us saw and with the same frequency harmonium saw has 200 hertz, Tanpura saw also has a 200 hertz also let us the Tanpura harmonium and guitar 200 hertz.
All instrument are producing saw of the same frequency, same frequency saw, but even a by closing my eyes.
I can identify this sound is coming from harmonium, this is for tanpura, this is for let us guitar.
So, how do you find out?
All if the all pitch are same, if I say the fundamental frequency is the pitch.
So, pitch is an perceptual parameter, it may include something else for which we can understand this is the source of the sound is different, although they are produced in the same fundamental frequency.
So, that is the pitch in perceptual domain.
So, main parameter physical domain parameter of pitch is called fundamental frequency or F 0.
Many places I referred to F 0 also F 0 fundamental frequency of that sound.
Then loudness intensity physical parameter is intensity I can measure the intensity 5 dB, 6 dB, 7 dB, but loudness is in perceptual parameter.
I can say this is louder sound.
compared to previous sound.
This is louder sound compared to previous sound.
So, loudness is a perceptual parameter, intensity is a physical parameter.
Timber or sound quality, if you see I can give an example, same musical grammar, same lyrics is generated from a two female speaker.
Let us, Lothar Munger score use the same lyrics.
same musical note position and his same.
So, his song the Lothar Munchenko sing a song record a song same lyrics same musical grammar is followed by some other singer also let us he does not make any mistake and also produce the same song, but we can able to distinguish this song I say if you perceive it we say this song is better than this.
Why?
Because if I control this thing, then I can say the movement of the speech of the singing grammar is same.
He also followed the same note, same position, same duration also.
Then why this speaker this is better than this?
Because of the timbre, complexity of the speech.
If this complexity I may like much more, compared to this speech complexity.
So, the production mechanism that complexity or you can say physical dimension is called spectral structures, we say it is spectral structures.
So, our timber or complexity of the speech is in perceptual dimension, I can say this complexity, but if I say how do you measure it?
One of the procedure is spectral envelope, spectral composition of this segment and this segment will be different.
So, pitch, loudness, timbre, perceptual dimension, fundamental frequency, intensity and spectrum envelope is the properties of physical dimension of the sound.
Similarly, you can see that there is a hue, brightness and sharpness, not shape, and then wavelength, luminance.
contrast all kind of things are there in perceptual dimension also.
How human being is perceive a picture that is called visual perception of a human being.
So, we have a again limitation in human perception of visual dimension also.
So, speech dimension I have a limitation.
So, I have to find out that limitation and you can say the visual dimension there is a limitation.
So, there is experiment to find out those limitation.
Now, I am not describing this thing.
Now, human range of hearing sound frequency and sound direction both sound frequency and sound direction threshold of hearing.
So, there is a human threshold of hearing.
So, threshold of hearing that means the minimum pressure acoustical pressure which can create a sensation in our nervous system is called threshold of hearing.
So, suppose I produce a 1 kilohertz acoustical signal of pressure p, we just create the human sensation in the ears, then of normal hearing person, person must be normal hearing person not defect.
So, there is defect I have not discussed in here.
So, for a normal hearing person, the required amount of pressure to create just a sensation in the human ear.
is called threshold of hearing.
Now, if I if you remember I said the perception or you can say the intensity perception of a human being for different frequency is different because of the outer air and middle air frequency response if you if I draw that.
So, I can say the sensation created the amount of pressure required to create a sensation for 1 kilo hertz.
and create a sensation for 300 hertz signal may be will be different.
So, 300 hertz signal required more power to create the sensation, but 1 kilohertz signal required less power to create the sensation.
So, if I able to define the threshold of hearing, then for a particular you are defining the threshold of hearing hearing for measuring the intensity.
I can say let us define the frequency.
for which I can say threshold of hearing we said it is 0 dB.
So, 0 dB is called threshold of hearing decibel for that particular sound play sound intensity which require to create the sensation for 1 kilohertz signal.
So, I can say 1 kilohertz acoustical signal or 1 kilohertz monotone the amount of intensity required to create the sensation in human ear.
is called 0 dB.
So, one way say 0 dB it is not defined for all frequency.
0 dB means I take a 1 kilohertz acoustical signal or monotone signal and I want to find out the intensity I which just create a sensation in the human being that I call 0 dB.
So, that I is called 10 to the power minus 12 watt.
I think 10 to the power minus 12 watt.
12 watt per meter square.
So, this is threshold of hearing.
So, that is defined by 0 dB.
So, what is dB?
What is dB?
Sometimes we said it is dB.
dB is called decibel decibel.
So, dB.
is equal to log of I by I reference, where I reference is related to the 10 to the power minus 12 watt per meter square, which is defined as a 0 dB.
So, decibel, so deci means 1 by 10.
So, decibel means 1 bell is equal to 10 log i by i reference decibel dB, decibel.
So, if the intensity of a sound is i, then I can say convert in dB is nothing but a 10 log i by i reference, where i reference is equal to 10 to the power minus 12 watt per meter square.
So, sound intensity of a sound is a physical quantity that can be measured and quantify acoustic intensity I define as average flow of energy through an unit area.
Area per you can say the power per unit area or force per unit area is nothing but intensity power per unit area is nothing but intensity.
So, watt per square meter I by I 0 is equal to minus 12 watt.
Now, decibel similarly if it is instead of I, I is equal to p square by 2 rho c or if it is RMS all kind of conversion I can say.
Similarly, instead of I if it is measured in pressure then I can say 20 log p by p reference where p reference for if you see p reference for air is 20 micro Pascal.
for water is 1 micro Pascal.
So, pre reference intensity in air is minus.
So, this is also depends on our the conducts the intensity the I said the threshold of hearing is the amount of sound pressure required to create a sensation in human ear for a 1 kilohertz acoustic wave ok.
So, I can if it is water then the amount pressure the medium is water So, it required less amount of intensity.
So, this I am not going details this is acoustical part then conversion of dB to percentage kind of things there is a some mathematics also you can say then loudness curve.
Now, if you remember the combined frequency response of the outer air and middle air I can say this is look like this.
So, this way is the frequency, this way is the loudness in dB reference is 10 to the power minus 12 watt 0 dB.
Now, if you see the for this frequency and for this frequency let us this is for 1 kilohertz.
this is 5 kilo Hertz, let this is 200 Hertz let us.
Now, intense intensity required to create a sensation for a 200 Hertz signal will be require high amplitude, intensity created for 300 Hertz signal let us required high amplitude for 1 kilo Hertz this amplitude 5 kilo Hertz this amplitude.
So, this is called threshold of hearing curve for different frequency.
So, this is the minimum intensity required to create a sensation human ear.
Since the frequency response for different frequency the intensity frequency response of the intensity for different frequency the intensity of the sound perception is different that is why I said for 200 hertz I required a larger intensity sound.
to create the threshold of hearing compared to 1 kilohertz.
Similarly, I can say let this is a 10 dB curve.
So, let us 10 dB at 1 kilohertz to perceive the same loudness for 200 hertz signal, I require larger intensity to perceive the 300 hertz signal.
I require larger intensity, but along this line the loudness which I perceive will be the same.
So, you want to know 1 kilo Hertz 10 dB, may be 300 Hertz, may be 20 dB I required intensity, but if I perceive that sound loudness of the sound will be the same.
So, I can say if I go along this line the loudness will be same that is why it is called equal loudness curve or phone curve equal loudness curve or phone curve.
So, along the other line loudness will be equal let us say it is 20 dB curve.
So, perception of sound this is the perception of sound.
intensity is different intensity for 1 kilohertz it is 10 dB may be here intensity is 25 dB, but perception of the sound is same that is why it is called this line is called equal loudness curve.
So, loudness is a perceptual quantity that is related to the physical property level or pressure level of sound or intensity, but it is not direct intensity.
So, this curve is called foam curve.
or equal loudness curve.
Now, how do you then measure loudness in shown?
Sometime it is called also shown.
Now, I want to find out the relations between the intensity and loudness.
How do you do it?
So, I can say I design a perceptual experiment for I take a normal hearing capability sound and this axis I put normal human capability of normal hearing capability human being I take.
I produce loudness in phone.
So, I take let us 1 kilohertz acoustical signal 1 kilohertz acoustical signal I take or equal loudness curve if I then composition we have to take.
So, let us 1 kilohertz signal.
Then I produce take the let us intensity A A d B.
and I produce the sound listeners perceive it.
Then again I produce the take A 1, A 1 dB listener perceive it.
I told the listeners when you perceive the sound is twice than this A dB you raise your hand.
So, I first produce let us A dB sound to the listeners I told him.
and next a 1 d b and gradually I increasing the d b. I told the listener when you perceive the loudness is double then you raise your hand.
Then I will can say the here you perceive the loudness is double, here you perceive the loudness is double, here you perceive the loudness is double then I can draw that curve.
Then I derive the equation of the curve.
1 and find out the loudness scale and relation b to the intense this is intensity and this is the loudness.
So, loudness and intensity relation this is the derivation of the loudness and intensity relation I am not deriving it again.
So, L is equal to 445 i to the power 0.333.
So, that can say if I know the intensity equal loudness in shown.
So, this will be shown s o n e.
S that much of sounds.
So, L is equal to 445 I to the power 0.33.
So, if it is 5 dB I if I know the intensity then I can calculate loudness.
So, this is the loudness sound curve.
Then there is a example this is called sound pressure level for different if it is 160 state engine close up.
threshold of pain 130.
So, you see this we should not expose to the large amount of sound large or high amplitude of sound.
If it is high amplitude, it can create pain in our ear.
So, threshold of pain is 20 to 130 dB.
If I expose to a sound intensity of 130 dB, it can create a pain in the ears.
And also if I expose more than that, then my ear permanently can be damaged also.
So, then if you see the pollution control board has said that do not produce do not produce the sound which is more than 60 dB.
Is more than 60 dB it may cause hearing problem or it not it is not good to expose in a sound always above 60 dB sound environment then you may have some problem in your listening.
Today we will see.
lot of people are wearing a headphone many time many may lets that in 24 hour 8 hours or 12 hour they wearing the headphone what is the problem what can effect.
So, once is that once you wearing a headphone it lose sound localization is lost that means, you wearing a headphone and walking in a road you cannot you cannot distinguish where the car is coming on your front or in your back forget about that you just close your eyes you cannot listen that horn also and also car noise also car sound also.
So, if you wearing a headphone sound localization happen inside your ear.
Now, if you expose your ear with a continuous stimulus.
So, this is a 24 hour you are listening a music.
So, you are exposed your human ear is exposed to a continuous vibration that can damage the elasticity problem of your middle ear.
So, the elasticity of your middle ear.
may be lost.
Then what will happen that may be response curve will change.
So, you may be your distinguishing sound listening capability.
So, low intensity sound you may not able to listen or you can you cannot heard the low intensity sound.
So, your threshold of hearing will be increased continuous exposure to the sound.
So, that is why if you see.
The person who are working in a factory environment, his threshold of hearing is increased.
So, he cannot he cannot intense low intensity sound he cannot heard.
So, your sensitivity of the your ear is decreasing that is the problem.
So, do not expose your or do not you expose expose your ear continuously in a sound environment, do not expose your ear to a very high intensity loudness high loud sound.
because that can permanently damage your ear ok.
So, do not expose that things.
So, there is a sound propagation you know that even if a source is produced 120 dB you may say I am if it is I 10 feet away then you know the 1 by r square.
So, I is reduced in 1 by r square form.
So, if you distance is double 6 dB every doubling the distance 6 dB down.
So, if it is source away from the source 10 feet it will reduce the sound intensity.
but do not always expose in a large sound so that your ear sensitivity is lost ok.
So, there is threshold of hearing, threshold of pain all are there.
If you see this curve sound intensity level and the this is the black line is threshold of hearing, this is the music and this is the speech region loudness of the speech region ok. Contour of damage risk and threshold of pain is here.
So, next class we will discuss about the frequency perception.
Thank you.
So, let us discuss that we have discussed about the speech perception ok.
So, this class I will may be it is required two lectures.
So, during this two lectures we discuss about the how human being perceive the speech.
So, if you ask the why we have to know about the human speech perception because if I talk about the digital speech processing then why we require that we should know that digital speech perception the speech perception kind of things.
Now if you if you see that human being ultimately we want to copy the human being through a machine or you can say we want to developed an algorithm or technology by which a machine can act as a human being or we can use the speech communication among the human being and that communication we want to establish in machine ok. Now, if I want to do that in speech communication if you see speech production and speech perception.
So, two parts speech production human being produce the speech and listeners perceive the speech ok.
So, better we understand the how human being perceive the speech.
We can better model that we can better process the speech signal that way.
On the other hand, if I say if I produce a speech and a human listener perceive the speech, how human listener process the speech to perceive it is very important to know.
Because unless we do not know what we perceive, the development of technology will be not possible.
So, we want to know what kind of speech processing happen in our brain.
And, if try to follow that kind of processing in digital speech domain so that we can develop the speech technology like the speech coding.
If you see that a speech let us the example of speech recognition and speech coding or speech recognition let us the example of speech recognition.
So, what listeners is produced the what the speaker is produced that listen by the listeners and he perceive.
Same technology we want to produce in machine that in front of a microphone we want to speak out that was speech signal or the speaker output we want to give and from the microphone and the signal processing technique I want to develop how human being perceive the speech.
So if I want to develop that technology we should know that signal processing involve in human brain.
What kind of signal processing involve in the human brain?
So, that we want to know that is the speech perception.
How we perceive the speech?
Forget about this speech chain.
So, if you see the auditory systems, we perceive the speech through the auditory systems of the human being.
So, if I see that a human being, a human listeners first convert that acoustical signal.
to some nerve signal or nerve response we can say.
So, that require a transduction.
So, trans or transducer which will convert the input acoustical signal to a nerve signal and that nervous signal that signal which is in the nerve will goes to the brain and process it and perceive the speech.
So, we have there is a three two we can say the two part or you can say the three part.
by the ear.
So, we have ear.
So, function of the ear to convert that input acoustic signal to the neural signal that is the process.
Then neural transduction step take place between the output of the inner ear and neural pathway that means whatever the output is coming from the neural transduction has to be taken away to the processing unit and nerve firing signal.
So, auditor there is a human brain.
So, brain process that firing signal.
and perceive or understand the speech ok.
So, perceive and understanding is happen in brain ok. Now, we have to know what kind of transduction is happen and what kind of processing in happen in human brain.
So, that two things we have to know to know the human perception or rather I can say what kind of.
So, if you see the if you study the microphone, the purpose of the microphone is that it has to be convert that acoustical signal.
signal to a electrical signal ok. Now, I have to know that ok this microphone has the how efficiently this microphone can convert the acoustical signal to electrical signal or I can say the properties of acoustical signal how accurately impose on electrical signal that is the electrical.
So, acoustical signal is equivalent to electrical signal if the all properties of acoustical signal like that its frequency repaint or you can say frequency composition or its amplitude all things how it is represent in electrical signal.
is the important point.
So, that means, how efficiently a microphone convert the acoustical signal to electrical signal is the property or is the you can say the construction depends on the construction mechanism of the microphone.
Similarly, human being has an ear, two ear if you say two ears.
So, how efficiently human ear can convert the input acoustical signal to the output.
signal or nerve signal.
So, I want what kind of limitation this system is imposed on speech perception that means, human being or what kind of you can say that what kind of constraint it put on the human speech signal conversion.
So, that that kind of constraint we can exploit in speech processing.
So, that human being cannot heard that error.
So, suppose if you a microphone has if you see the microphone has a frequency response.
Let us discuss about the frequency response.
Suppose, a microphone has a frequency response, if you know the frequency response because frequency response is nothing but a frequency versus amplitude plot that means, for a particular intensity sound of different frequency how it represent in electrical signal.
So, suppose a microphone has a frequency response whose flat area is around let us from here.
it is 30 hertz to 10 kilohertz.
So, that is data set is given that this is the microphone.
So, this microphone is efficient to convert the acoustical signal in between 30 hertz to 10 kilohertz and produce the electrical signal.
So, if an acoustical signal consist of 12 kilohertz, the electrical signal should not contain that component because that micro the response of the microphone at 12 kilohertz is almost 0.
maybe almost 0 let us it is down in here is 12 kilohertz.
So, it is 0 almost 0.
So, I cannot get 12 kilohertz response in here.
So, that means, the limitation which is imposed by the microphone in electrical signal is 30 hertz to 10 kilohertz.
Similarly, suppose I have a human ear.
So, acoustical signal human ear convert into normal signal.
So, perception of that signal that how we perceive what is the limitation of our.
perception that is the limitation of conversion by the ear to nerve signal.
So, limitation of perception how weak signal we can perceive, how which frequency we cannot perceive all kind of limitation is imposing here.
So, if I say first impose is the 20 hertz to 20 kilo hertz frequency we can heard.
So, ear can convert only the acoustical signal which is lie between 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz.
If I apply 22 kilohertz to the human ear it will not perceive it might may not be converted to nervous system or nervous system cannot represent or cannot sensitize a response in the human brain.
So, I have to know how this signal or how this acoustical signal is converted to normal signal.
So, that is the physiological mechanism we have to understand the physiological mechanism.
of the human ear.
So, if you see I come this one let on human has two ears if you see a human has two ears why a human has two ears if I do not have one ear what will be the problem.
So, sound the two ears help to localize the sound sound localization if you close your eyes and if your sound is come from some direction you can tell that some sound is coming from this direction.
If the sound is coming from this direction without seeing the source, you can identify the direction of the source.
So, that means, localization of the sound is because of we have two ears.
If you see that there is a home the stereo earlier there is a mono then comes stereo then comes surround sound.
So, all are effect of sound localization because if it is stereo sound that means, we can identify the source of the direction or source direction from the sound.
Dolby surround sound, suppose you are watching a movie where a train is coming from left corner of the screen to right corner that means it is a three dimensional you are visualizing in a two dimensional respects.
Now if I say suppose I am standing in here a train is coming from this direction and it is going this direction.
So, what is the effect of sound?
If the train sound is coming from this direction, so I should able to localize the train sound is coming from my right hand this side and the sound intensity will be increases when train come to my place and when train is going away then I can say the sound is coming from this direction.
So, if I able to manipulate this effect then I can say it is a surround sound because sound is coming from this direction.
So, I can understand sound is coming from this direction.
So, sound localization is one of the major issues because human has a two ears that is why we can localize the sound.
Second one is the focus attention on a particular sound or you can say the noise cancellation.
If you understand, if you study the radar signal processing in electronics, you know the how the clutter noise is rejected or kind of things.
So, if I have two ears help human being to attention or focus on a particular sound.
If in this class there is a five people are talking together even at the five people are talking and their audio level is almost equal I can attend I can make attends my attention to a particular student speaking.
So, that means, I can focus on a particular sound that is one of the biggest property in human perception.
The I can easily cancel the noise or the what is the definition of a noise unwanted signal is nothing but a noise.
So, the suppose I want to pass I want to listen the student A sound.
So, student B produce sound is noise to that.
So, I can easily ignore the student B's voice and perceive the student A voice.
So, I can easily focus on a particular sound that is also because we have a two ears.
Now, once you put your headphone inside the ears then localization is.
within the headphone, it is not outside.
Once you put the headphone, sound is producing in there only.
So, the whatever the sound here is perceived, the localization happen in the headphone only.
So, there is a sound localization issue.
Now, if I come that I want to make the auditory model, auditory system model.
So, I can say whole auditory system model, it include sound the acoustical signal to normal conversion, and perception of that nerve signal by the brain.
So, I can say human auditory system or you can say human perception of sound I want to model.
Now, if I say want to model it how can I model because a human being is perceive the sound I cannot measure every and each and every point what is happening in the signal level and I cannot do that.
So, I can think let us the human sound perception is a black box.
Now, how do you define how do you how do you find out a black box model property of a system?
Suppose I have a system I do not know anything this is black box I do not know system property system thing nothing.
Now, how do you determine?
We excited the system with a particular signal or known signal then try to find out the.
So, let us I give an example I do not know the system if I put 2 it gives output 4, if I put 3 it gives output 9, if I give 4 it gives output 16.
If I able to observe this behavior then if I able to plot 2 then 4 then 3 then 9 then I can know from the plot the behavior of the.
this black box.
So, that is nothing but I can say this is nothing but a square.
So, X A square if X is the input Y is the output Y equal to X A square.
We can derive this system property from observing the known input what is the behavior.
Same black box model can be applied in human auditory system or human speech perception.
Suppose I apply a particular frequency sound with a particular intensity.
then I want to observe the human perception.
So, this is a you can say the physiological observation and this is the this is not a physiological of this is a physical input and physical output, but here I cannot get the physical output.
So, I can say here I can give a physical input which is nothing, but a sound acoustical sound and I wonder why I observe the physiological observation and try to correlate what kind of stimulus This is stimulus only input signal.
What kind of stimulus, what kind of physiological response is produced?
Then try to find out what is this black box?
How human being perceive the sound?
So, what I said?
I excited the this black box with a different kind of known stimulus and then I have to find out the physiological observation of human.
and then try to correlate what kind of stimulus producing what kind of observation and try to draw a conclusion what kind of processing is done by the human being.
So, that is why if you say there is a two dimension of sound parameter one is called physical dimension another is called perceptual dimension.
So, let us give an example.
intensity intensity and of a acoustics wave I can easily measure you can know I is equal to nothing but a p square by 2 rho c rho and c is the density and c is the velocity of the sound rho p is the pressure wave amplitude of the pressure wave then I can say intensity is nothing but a p square by 2 rho c. So, I can measure the sound intensity you can say the sound intensity measure my decibel I will come d b meter.
I can easily measure the intensity of a sound.
But once I say loudness, once I say loudness, this sound is louder than the previous sound.
It does not mean the intensity of the first sound is twice than the previous sound.
If I say this sound is twice louder than the previous sound, then I cannot say the current sound is not 2 i or previous or if the previous sound is i, it is 2 i.
The perception of loudness is human perception, but intensity is a physical parameter.
So, perception, so there is two dimension, one is called physical dimension, where I can directly measure the quantity, measure the parameters, directly measure the parameter, velocity, frequency, all are directly measurable.
But if I say loudness is a human behavior, physiological behavior of a human.
So, I stimulus or stimulate the human being by intensity and I want to observe that his behavior then observation behavior is called loudness and input is called intensity.
So, there is a physical dimension and there is a perceptual dimension.
So, I will come details on that physical dimension and perceptual by dimension.
Now, let us start with the physiology or you can say the anatomy of human ears.
some sort of a what is there in human ears if you see this is a color nice pictures that there is a human being human ears.
So, there is a you can say the outer ear which is this one only if you see this one is the outer ear.
So, this is called panna.
So, what is the function of this panna?
If you see if the sound wave is coming in this room in a medium air in a medium.
Now, if I put a like that if a sound wave is coming in this medium, if I put a area here, then sound wave will be strike here.
Now, if the intensity of the sound wave is I, then what is the total power of the acoustical wave which is strike in this plate?
If the area of the plate is A, then I can say their power or force is equal to I into A.
So, I can say The principle of the Pana, so working principle of the Pana is the or you can say that the work of the Pana is that it collect that acoustical wave and channelize it to the middle ear.
So, if I increase the Pana, the channelized power will acoustical power will be increases.
That is why sometime when you want to listen the very low sound, we put our hand in here.
Once we put our hand in here.
it increase the panna area.
So, more acoustical signal is channelized to there.
Some if you see the rabbits to listen the sound rabbit can move his panna, we cannot move my panna.
So, that is why we have a head movement.
So, I once I want to listen the sound I can listen I can rotate the head, but if you see the rabbit can rotate their panna to the direction of the sound.
So, the panna work is that it should channelize the acoustical wave.
power to the middle ear that is the working of the panna.
So, if it is large more acoustical wave will be entered, if it is small the area if the reduce then a power will be reduced.
So, that is the working principle of the outer panna outer ear or panna pina you can say the pina or panna.
Then there is a middle ear, middle ear is what middle ear that acoustical signal passes in the middle ear and middle ear consists of a membrane and bone.
I will come to the what is the work and then inner ear has an cochlear if you see there is an cochlear.
Now so, you can auditory canal this is called auditory canal middle ear auditory canal acoustic wave is coming in here now it is strike in this membrane once this acoustic wave is strike in the membrane it produce the vibration that vibration.
transmitted to the cochlea by a conduction process.
So, there is a bone and that bone this acts as a mechanical resonator or mechanic you can say not resonator you can amplifier you can mechanically amplify the sound and transmit to the cochlea.
If you see the guitar not that electronics guitar if you see there is a mechanical amplifier or you can say resonator you can say the resonator that if it is not that is not there if I strike the sound will be less, but if it is there then it acts on mechanical resonator then it is the sound is larger.
So, that is the effect in here also that is this acts on mechanical kind of things and that transfer the sound to the cochlea.
So, that vibration goes to the cochlea.
Now, cochlea so I am not reading the slide you can read the slide.
So, inner ear is the cochlea.
So, this is the semicircular canal and there is a cochlea.
So, you know that the ear has two functions, this whole system has two functions, one is balance the body and another one is the listening.
So, the inside the cochlea there is a basilar membrane which is responsible for listening the sound and this semicircular canal, so the cochlea is filled of liquid.
So, you can say that it is a nothing but a packet of liquid.
So, if I vibrate that outside wall of the liquid.
then what will happen that vibration will transfer to the liquid and liquid will spread the vibration to everywhere.
So, that is the mechanism for inner ear to perceive the sound and this semicircular canal is full of liquid that acts the body balance.
So, this is nothing but you can say the if you see that the that some sometimes when we are balancing or you can say leveling some floor we use the water balance that to make a tube with full of water and then water level balancing we said whether the plane is correct or not where is the slope or kind of things.
this thing is used we have two semicircular canal in two side and which is responsible for find out the body balance like that water balance same things is in here also.
Now in inner ear so this is the basic description of the how human being what the function of the every part of the human ear now I go to the details.
So, this is physiological we understand.
Now, in engineering model, so I should know what kind of action or what kind of things is happen in PINA that is outer ear and what kind of response is happen in the middle ear and the finally, the inner ear.
So, if I see the frequency response of the outer ear that is the PINA.
So, PINA if you see that it is not channelize all frequency same amplitude.
I can say.
So, what I say the outer here if I see the frequency this axis is the frequency and this is the response in dB.
So, all frequency 0 dB is not same intensity or you can say that 0 dB of 0 forget about the 0 hertz let us 0.3 kilohertz that means, let us 300 hertz.
So, 300 hertz sound of let us.
0.5 dB not less than 0.2 dB and 1 kilohertz sound of 0.5 dB will be the same response because it is amplify or you can say that amplification of the power or I say the or all frequency by the outer ear is not same.
Similarly, amplification or you can say the frequency response of the middle ear is not flat throughout the frequency, it also different response.
If I combine these two middle and inner not middle and outer ear the combined response is come as a red color.
So, I can say human ear is not equal sensitive to all frequency.
So, I can say we are not equally sensitive or I can say let us 5 dB sound of 100 Hertz.
and 5 dB sound of 2 kilohertz is not produced same intensity sensation or loudness sensation by the human in our human brain.
So, this may be louder compared to this because of this response.
So, if I inverted this curve, if I inverted this curve, the curve will come like this.
So, all if it is this is the frequency, this is the So, all frequency has not equal response in case of human ear that is the frequency response of human ear that is the frequency response of a microphone.
If it is flat for 300 hertz to 3 kilo 10 kilo hertz that means the microphone can produce the output or equal sensitive the frequency between the 300 hertz to.
10 kilohertz, but other frequency the conversion from acoustical signal to electrical signal is very low either very low or almost 0.
Similarly, human ear is not sensitive or intensity sensitive to all frequency equally.
So, the may be here is 1 kilohertz may be after 5 kilohertz it also increasing.
So, 5 dB of 100 hertz, 5 dB of 2 kilohertz the intensity perception by the human being.
will be different.
That is why we say because of the this combine curve I will come this is called the threshold of hearing I will come later on that one.
So, now I am not a describing that function of cochlear and all those things you can read this this is that this slide that is nothing is there.
So, I can say this is the schematic representation.
So, PINAA collect that acoustical signal channelized to auditory canal and media layer.
that convert that acoustical signal to a mechanical vibration and that mechanical vibration transferred to the cochlear.
Inside the cochlear, there is a basilar membrane.
So, this is apex and this is the beginning.
So, this is the beginning of the cochlear, this is the apex of the cochlear.
So, inside the cochlear, there is a basilar membrane which is responsible for speech conversion of that mechanical motion to normal signal.
So, how do we how it is done it?
So, let us I am not discussing here let us in the next class I will discuss how the basilar membrane is converted or you can responsible for or convert that vibrate or motion mechanical vibration to the normal signal.
Thank you.
So, last class we derived that junction effect.
If I consider the vocal track is nothing, but a junction of several tube and if the cross sectional area across the tube is different what should be the junction effect we have discussed.
and I cut this tube in n number of section.
So, the length of the each section x is equal length l by n. So, tau is nothing but a tau is nothing but a x by c. So, it is nothing but a tau is nothing but a x is nothing but a l by n c. So, if I have a tube of 17.5 second, let us say 5 centimeter tube long.
So, I have a tube And if I divided the tube in n equal to 10 junction, then the tau is nothing but a 17.5 centimeter divided by n into c, c is the speed of the sound that much of delay is required ok. Now I come if my tube is n number of tube is there.
So, there will be a n minus 1 are the junction 1 to n minus 1 number of junction.
So, I can draw the equation like this way.
Let this is UGN, then the first junction, second junction, dot dot dot, nth n minus 1 junction and this is the and if you see the last one is the boundary condition at left and this one is the boundary condition at rightist.
So, it is RG, it is half of 1 plus RG, it is minus RL, 1 plus RL.
I can draw the n tube equivalent signal diagram, signal flow diagram and each delay is represented by z to the power.
1 minus 1 ok. Now, if this is my tube let us U G n is nothing but a delta signal delta n ok delta n delta signal or delta n. If it is delta signal then output if this is the my signal flow diagram then output I should get V A t at the output is nothing but a V 0 delta t minus delta n.
tau plus k equal to 1 to infinity B k delta T minus n tau minus 2 k 2 tau, why?
So, if you see if I have a tube with n number of junction of length let us n the n section of junction.
So, each section create a delay tau.
So, n section create a delay n tau, but that is the first first signal first delta that is why b 0 into delta n, but after all the signal the after the first round that that delay will be there.
So, what is the delay 2 tau is the round tip delay.
So, this is the first arrival of the signal second will be arrival due to the back propagation.
So, there will be a 2 tau delay.
So, earliest arrival is n tau which is n number of tube each section delayed by tau.
Next signal will come by 2 tau delay.
So, I can say next signal will be integer multiple of 2 tau delay.
So, that is why I said 2 k sorry k 2 tau k into 2 tau k is the integer and 2 tau is the delay.
Now, if I consider to avoiding the alloysing of digitization process if I consider my sampling period t is equal to 2 tau.
So, my sampling period t is equal to 2 tau what I am saying suppose I want to create a band limited signal or less speech signal whose maximum frequency is 500 hertz 5 kilohertz or 5 kilohertz let us say 5 kilohertz is the maximum bandwidth.
is the sampling frequency?
10 kilohertz.
10 kilohertz is the sampling frequency.
So, band limited is 5 kilohertz, Nyquist criteria is 10 kilohertz.
So, if I want to reach the Nyquist criteria in this 2 tau delay, so 2 tau must be equal to the sample period.
So, 2 tau is equal to sample period.
If 2 tau is equal to sample period.
Then, how do I derive this v z if I consider this is a z domain v z which is nothing but a u l z divided by u g z and each z to the power minus 1.
Now, z to the power minus 1 is single sample delay.
Now, my sample delay is t equal to 2 tau.
So, I can say instead of z to the power minus 1 it will z to the power minus half.
So, all the z value will be replaced by z to the power minus half z to the power minus half z to the power minus half z to the power minus half.
So, I get this.
signal flow diagram.
Once I get the signal flow diagram, can I derive the v z transfer function of the tube which is nothing but a output which is u z u l z divided by u g z z domain.
So, u g z I know it is nothing but a impulse or got all response.
Now, what is u l z?
So, I could derive this transfer function.
So, how do I derive it?
using a signal flow diagram I can derived it.
So, let us there is a procedure for derived it.
So, let us use some procedure or some simplest this may be the simplest form procedure for derive your transfer function of v z which is nothing but u l z divided by u j z.
How do we derived it?
If I consider each one of the junction is acts as a latex if you see the symmetrical this is r 1 this is r 2 this is r n minus 1, but all are symmetrical.
Now, let us I draw in here because you have to understanding if I draw it here it will be very clear to you.
Now, let us this is nothing but a my u g n coming to the first junction let us first junction is here which is nothing but a I will first draw the junction and then I write down the signal flow.
So, this is this way this is this way this is this way and this is this way.
So, this I will write in the red pen.
So, this is nothing but a 1 minus r 1, this is nothing but a 1 plus r 1, this is r 1, this is minus r 1 ok. Now, I have a u g, so I have a u g is here, u g n is coming to here and then there is a terminal at glottis which is nothing but a.
So, there will be z to the power.
So, let us there will be z to the power minus 1 delay z to the power minus half here will be delay z to the power minus half and this will be R g and this will be 1 plus R g divided by 2 and then the same junction I can continue there will be a delay.
z to the power minus half, there will be a delay z to the power minus half and again there will be a junction.
So, junction let us signal flow diagram this is this, this is this, this is this, again this will be 1 minus r 2, this will be 1 plus r 2, this is r 2, this is minus r 2.
Then, I can say there will be again delay again delay z to the power minus half z to the power minus half ok. Again there will be a junction let us this is nth junction n minus 1 junction there will be a junction this is the let us n minus 1 junction.
So, there will be lot of junction in here.
So, this if it is n minus 1 junction this is 1 plus R n minus 1 this is 1 minus R n minus 1.
this is R n minus 1, this is R n. And at the end leap there will be a boundary condition.
So, there will be a z to the power minus 1, then I put the boundary condition which is like this z to the power minus half, z to the power minus half and this is nothing but a minus R L, this is 1 plus R L, I get U L n. This is the output.
So, I have to find out u if it is z domain then u z u l z divided by u g z that I have to find out.
So, how do you find out?
Let us calculate let us calculate stage by stage.
So, if I say any u so, I you know that u k plus 1 plus z is nothing but a 1 plus r k that we have already derived 1 plus r k.
z to the power minus half u k z u k plus z plus 1 z plus r k into u k plus 1 minus z that we have derived last day u k plus 1 z the volume velocity which is injected in the k plus 1 tube is nothing but this one.
From here I can find out what is u k plus z is nothing but in term of k plus 1 tube.
So, it is nothing but a, so z to the power minus half, if I say it will come z to the power plus half divided by 1 plus r k into u k plus 1 plus z minus this will become this side.
So, minus r k z to the power half divided by 1 plus r k u k plus 1 minus z.
So, this is you can say u k plus z u k plus z at k th u u k plus z is nothing but at this one.
Similarly, I can find out what is u k minus z.
So, what is u k minus z?
Already we have done u k minus z is nothing but a u k minus z is nothing but a minus r k z to the power minus half divided by 1 plus r k u k plus 1 plus z z plus z to the power minus half 1 plus r k u k plus 1 minus z. I can do that.
k plus 1.
So, I this I I represent u k plus z u k minus z in term of u k plus 1 z u k u k plus u k plus 1 plus z u k plus 1 minus z ok. Now once I do that then if you see here this is my u k plus equation and this is my u k minus equation.
Once I do that now if you see that if I say matrix this this this all are u k 1.
So, u 1, u 1 plus, u 1 minus, u 1 minus z, u 1 plus, u 1 minus z, you can see that blue and yellow.
So, those are the equation.
Now, if I say let us u k is nothing but a consist of 2 plus u k plus z and u k minus z.
Whole u k is nothing but a forward wave and backward wave and from here I can write u k is nothing but a r k into u k plus 1.
If I write that, if you see this is the two equation u k minus and u k plus u k. So, if it is u k plus 1 is nothing but a u k plus 1 plus z and u k plus 1 minus z ok.
So, this has to be multiplied by this matrix equation.
What is the matrix?
z to the power half divided by 1 plus r k.
minus r k into z to the power minus half z to the power half divided by 1 plus r k and another one is minus minus r k z to the power minus half divided by 1 plus r k and z to the power minus half divided by 1 plus r k. So, those coefficient I write in matrix form if I write this matrix form.
half.
Then I can say I simplify this matrix z to the power minus half 1 plus R k I can write down here.
So, it is 1 minus R k divided by this one 1 minus R k 1 minus R k minus R k z to the power minus 1 z to the power minus 1.
Now, if I see this matrix is R k cap and this whole matrix q k is equal to R k. So, I can write R k is nothing but a z to the power minus half.
So, q k is equal to 1, I can say is nothing but a R 1 R 2 R 3 dot dot dot R n into u n minus 1 sorry u n plus 1.
I can write k varies from 1 to n let us if it is k varies from 1 to n u 1 is nothing but a R 1 R 2 R 3 dot dot dot R n into u n plus 1.
Now, if you see that this diagram there is a n minus 1 symmetry junction.
So, this is 1, 2 and this is n minus 1.
Here junction is not symmetry in R L cases only problem is that there is a no backward wave in here.
Let us I put a backward wave with 0.
So, there will be a I can put a backward wave here which is nothing but a 0.
So, it is 1 minus R n this is 1 plus R n 1 plus R l let us R l is equal to R n. So, it is 1 plus R n and this is minus R n if this is plus R n this is minus R n I can write I can write.
So, see this here in the slides if you see I added this block.
So, now there is a n number of block instead of n minus 1 block I can get n number of block.
with input here backward wave is 0.
So, I can write u n plus 1 u n plus 1 is equal to nothing but a u l z and 0 because here u l z is only 0 is added with u l z.
So, u l z plus and minus wave.
So, I can write it is nothing but a 1 0 u l z and u 1 equal to R 1 R 2 R 3 dot dot dot dot R n u n minus 1.
So, it is nothing but a R 1 R 2 R 3 dot dot dot dot R n into 1 0 u l z.
Now, u 1 I get.
Now, I have to find out what is the relation between u g z and u 1 z.
So, I have to consider the boundary condition.
at the grottist.
So, what is U g relation between the U g z and U 1 z?
U g z so, U 1 plus z is equal to 0.5 1 plus R g 1 plus R g U g z plus R g U g U 1 minus z I can write.
So, I can say U g z.
is equal to 2 by 1 plus R g. So, 0.5 means or you can write 0.5 by 1 plus R g. So, 2 this is 2 by 1 plus R g because this is half only.
2 by 1 plus R g u 1 plus z minus 2 R g by 1 plus R g u 1 minus z.
So, I can say it is nothing but a 2 coefficient 2 by 1 plus R g 1 and another is 2 R g divided by 1 plus R g into u 1 z.
So, u g z is nothing but a 2 by 1 plus R g this constant it is nothing but a 1 this is minus I think this is minus.
So, it is minus R g into U 1 z.
So, I can write U 1 is equal to R 1 R 2 R 3 R 4 R n into 1 0 U L z.
So, I can write U g z is equal to R 1 R 2 R 3 sorry U g z equal to 2 by 1 plus R g 1 minus R g. So, instead of U 1 z I can write R 1 R 2.
R 2 R 3 dot dot dot R n 1 0 U L z.
Now, I get U g z divided by U L z is equal to 2 by 1 plus R g 1 minus R g R 1 R 2 R 3 dot dot dot dot R n.
into 1 0 I can say that.
So, which is nothing but a 1 by v z 1 by the transfer function.
So, v z I want to find out v z which v z is equal to u l z divided by u g z.
So, it is nothing but a 1 by v z.
So, 1 by v z I can write in term of 2 by 1 plus R g 1 minus R g R 1 R 2 R 3 R n 1 0 ok. Now, if I write that.
Then, if I put the value of R 1 and R 2, the equation will become 2 by 1 plus R g 1 minus R g z to the power n by 2.
So, if you see the R k is z to the power half.
So, I can say if it is n, so it is z to the power n by 2 k equal to 1 to n 1 by 1 plus R k. R 1 z to the power minus half for R 2 z to the power minus z to the power half.
for R 3, z to the power, if it is R n product of z to the power half, z to the power half, z to the power half, so n number of, so it is nothing but z to the power n by 2 k equal to 1 to n 1 plus 1 plus R k, k equal to 1 to n cap R k cap, so R k is like the matrix is this and 1 0.
So, now if I say my n is equal to 2, then I can find out the impulse risk or transfer function of the tube model.
So, if I simplify this thing.
for 2 tube.
If I consider that my length of tube whole vocal cord is vocal track is simulated using 2 tube.
So, if it is 2 tube, so n is equal to 2.
If I put n equal to 2, then 1 by v z will become 2 by 1 plus R g will be same.
This will be 1 minus R g will be there.
So, there is no effect on here.
Now, is z to the power n by 2, n equal to 2, so 2 by 2.
Then, product of k equal to 1 to n, k equal to 1 to n means n equal to 2.
So, instead of k equal to 1 to n, I can write 1 by 1 plus R 1 into 1 by 1 plus R 2.
Then, I can write k equal to 2 in this equation.
So, k equal to 2 k equal to 1 1 minus r 1 1.
So, I can write 1 minus r 1 another 1 is minus r 1 z to the power minus 1 z to the power minus 1 into 1 minus r 2 minus r 2 z to the power minus 1 z to the power minus 1 then 1 0.
If I evaluate it, it will come So, z to the power half z, so z 2 z divided by 1 plus R g into 1 minus R g, this will be 1 by 1 plus R 1 into 1 plus R 2, then I can matrix multiply this in this one.
So, this one is 1 plus R 1 R 2 z to the power minus 1, 1 minus R 1 z to the power minus 1.
minus r 2 z to the power minus 2.
If I evaluate, so this matrix will be 1 0, I can say first evaluate these two, then come to the here this side.
So, if I write down the equation, then whole equation 1 by v z is nothing but a, I can multiply this thing 1 plus r 1 1 plus r 2 and this thing I can multiply together and I can find out.
So, v z is nothing but 1 by v z and then v z will becomes if I derive these things and then the v z will become v z will be 0.51 plus R g into 1 plus R 1 into 1 plus R 2 z to the power minus 1 divided by 1 plus R 1 R 2.
plus R 1 R g z to the power minus 1 plus R 2 R g z to the power minus 2.
This will be the two tube vocal track model.
If you see this transfer function, I have a 0 at origin z to the power minus 1, but I have a two pole.
This is second order equation.
So, I have a second to second order.
we can say 2 pole or it is a second order equation.
So, I have a single 0 for 2 tube model, I have a 0 at center 1 0 and 2 pole.
So, at origin 1 0 and 2 pole.
So, if I have a n tube model, I can say n by 2 0 at origin and nth this equation become n order.
So, I can say there will be n number of pole.
this equation become nth order.
So, I can say this whole v z can be say this is all 0 are in center and this is all pole model.
So, I can write v z is nothing but a g by d z where d z is nothing but a pole model.
So, if it is nth order so, it is nothing but a 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. So, kth pole will nth pole will be the n number of pole will be there.
So, I can write down the equation 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k and n by 2 0 at origin.
So, instead of writing this the all 0 model z to the power minus 1 minus half in here z to the power minus half in here.
I can write this dz in a signal flow diagram as a all pole model and z equal to this vz z to the power minus all pole model then it will be z to the power minus n by 2.
So, I can write down the signal flow diagram in all pole model.
So, I can say mathematically it is proved that a vocal track transfer function can be simplified as a all pole digital filter.
All pole digital filter I can simplify it.
So, if I able to simplify all pole digital filter and if I know alpha k, if I know alpha k which is nothing but in term of R 1 R 2 and the R 1 R 2 R g I have to know.
So, what is R 1 R 2?
All are reflection coefficient.
If I know all reflection coefficient, I can simulate this dz.
So, it is impossible to implement this dz using digital filter.
So, now I can say dz is nothing but a, there is a error in the slides please correct it, dz is nothing but a 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. So, let us Rg is equal to 1 that means, there is no glottal impedance Rg is equal to 1.
Thank you.
So,we have derived thatall pole model for vocal track.
So, V z is nothing, but a I can say the g by dz ok.
So, where dz is nothing, but a 1 plus k sorry summation of k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. Now, if you see the second for the two tube model the equation v z is nothing but a 0.5 1 plus R g 1 plus R 1.
So, for two tube model v z is n equal to 2 n equal to 2 is two tube model 0.5 1 plus R g 1 plus R 1.
1 plus R 2 into z to the power minus 1 divided by I can say 1 plus R 1 R 2 R 1 R 2 R 1 R g into z to the power minus 1 plus R 2 R g z to the power minus 2.
So, this is for two tube model is nothing but a 1 plus R 1 R 2 plus R 1 R g.
z to the power minus 1 plus R 2 R g z to the power minus 2.
Now, if I say R g is equal to 1, if I say R g is equal to 1, total impedance is infinite, z g is equal to infinite, then R g equal to 1.
So, R g is nothing but a, you know that R g is R R t minus R g divided by R t plus R g or what was R g minus R t or R t minus R g.
R g minus R t. So, that is there in constant when we model in that boundary condition, when we model in boundary condition we said R g boundary condition modeling where here.
So, here I can say R g is nothing but a Z g minus Z d divided by Z g plus.
So, R g is nothing but a here I write capital R g let us consider small R g R g is Z g minus Z d divided by Z g.
plus Z d. If Z g is infinite, then R g is equal to 1.
Now, if I consider R g is equal to 1, then d z is nothing but a 1 plus R 1 R 2 plus R 1 z to the power minus 1 plus R 2 z to the power minus 2.
So, if it is nth order, if I can write that, if it is instead of 2 tube, it is n tube or I can say it is nothing but a.
1 plus r 1 1 plus r 1 r 2 r 1 z to the power minus 1 plus r 2 z to the power minus 2.
So, if I say that I can want to write down the recursive equation.
So, d 1 z if it is d 2 z.
So, d 1 z if I write d 1 z is nothing but a 1 plus r 1 z to the power minus 1 if r g is equal to 1.
1, d 2 z is 1 plus r 1 z to the power minus 1 plus r 1 r 2 z to the power minus 1 plus r 2 z to the power minus 2 that I have derived here z to the power minus 2.
Now, if I say this is nothing but a d 1 z 1 plus r 1 z to the power minus 1 is nothing but a d 1 z.
So, d 1 z d 1 z d 1 z d 1 z 2 z to the power minus 2 into d 1 z to the power minus 1. r 1 r 2 z to the power minus 1 plus r 2 z to the power minus 2.
This term can be written like this way r 2 z to the to the power minus 2 into d 1 z to the power minus 1, because d 1 z to the power minus 1 will be 1 plus r 1.
1 z to the power minus 1 instead of z.
So, z so, R 1 z into this one.
So, R 1 R 2 z to the power minus 1 and R 1 z.
So, this can be also written by d 0 z there is a no junction no nothing is there is 1.
So, it is nothing but a d 0 z into plus R 1 I can say z to the power minus 1 d 0.
z to the power minus 1.
Similarly, I can write down this way because this is nothing but a d 1 we put d 1 value and this will come same value in here.
Similarly, I can write d n z or d k z d n z I can write nth tube n number of tube this is nothing but a d n minus 1 z.
plus r 2 z to the power minus n d n minus 1 z to the power minus 1 or I can say d k z is nothing but a d k minus 1 z plus r 2 z to the power minus 1 d k minus 1 z to the power minus 1 which is same as if I write the equation dz is equal to 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. Same way I can write.
So, this can be written as like this way.
So, if I write this one, if n is equal to number of section is equal to 10 and let us R n is equal to 1 load, but R n is equal to R L. So, let us load is R L is equal to 1.
So, no resistive load for low frequency R n is equal to R L which is equal to 1.
Now, I can say I can find out the what is the value of if I know that R n is equal to 1, then from that side left side this last R n is equal to 1.
So, I can find out R n minus 1.
I can implement the tube, digitally implement the tube or other hand if I know the signal which is coming out from the tube from there I can estimate the area function of different junction because if I know R, R is R n is nothing but a what is R k, R k is nothing but a a k plus 1 minus a k.
divided by a k plus 1 plus a k. So, a k a are the area cross sectional area function of the tube different tube.
So, if it is a 10 number of tube consists of the vocal track is model using a 10 number of tube last r n r n is equal to 1 last one is equal to 1.
Then I can find out a k. So, r n I know r n. So, this is r k. So, I know r n r n is equal to a n plus 1 minus a n divided by a n plus 1 plus a n. So, if I know the cross sectional area, then I can know the, decide the reflection coefficient and I can model the tube in digital domain.
On the other hand, if I know the speech signal and if I able to find out the value of reflection coefficient alpha k, in somehow I can able to find out the alpha k value, then I can find out the.
cross sectional area of the different tube.
I can give you one example from Rabindran Seyfert that is written there is a different cross sectional area for a vowel.
I think either vowel which vowel I do not know that there is a vowel.
So, this vowel area functions is written.
Either I know the area function I can generate the vowel if I know the vowel I can derive the area function ok.
So, how do I digitally implement this?
I want to digitally implement this tube.
So, I know I have to implement dz is nothing but a 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. This equation I have to implement.
So, if I able to implement, how do I implement?
Very simple.
So, there is a u n, let us n u n n impulse.
1, then I have a output which is u l n. So, this will be simple delay by z to the power minus 1 alpha 1 and has to be added with here, then z to the power minus 2 alpha 2 added in here dot dot dot dot z to the power minus n alpha n added here.
So, I can implement in digital systems, I can implement it digital filter, nothing but a digital filter, the equation looks like a nothing but a digital filter.
So, I can easily implement it using that things that vocal track I can implement using digital domain.
So, now there is some concept poles of vocal track.
So, you know that poles all pole models of vocal track tube.
So, I can say the V z is model using g by dz where dz is equal to 1 plus k equal to 1 to n alpha k z to the power minus k. So, dz has an n if it is order is n, so n number of pole.
So, I can say V z is a all pole model which has n number of pole.
So, if I have a 10 junction tube 10 tube.
10 10 section tube then I can say 10 poles will be there 10 poles will be there.
So, now if dz is real.
So, the dz have either the all real pole will be the real function.
So, there will be real pole will be occur or there will all pole have a complex conjugate in nature.
So, if dz has a n number of pole then I can say there is a n by 2.
So, this 2 complex conjugate pole will be there, n by 2 pair of complex conjugate pole.
So, I can say v z is nothing but a g by k equal to 1 to n by 2 1 minus alpha k z to the power minus 1 into 1 minus alpha k star z to the power minus 1.
So, it is nothing but a n by 2 complex conjugate pole product.
So, what is if you see that then if I say this is my unit circle.
So, complex conjugate pole.
So, this is the real axis, this is the imaginary axis.
If a pole occur in here with a angle of theta, there will be another pole which is conjugate this pole minus theta.
So, if there is a pole in here, there will be another pole will be in here.
If the pole in here, there will be another pole will be here.
So, every pole has a complex conjugate pole.
If it is complex number, then alpha k I can say it is nothing but a r k e to the power j theta.
So, a complex number has a two pole, let this is the pole.
So, this has and this has a amplitude r. So, alpha k can be represented using r k and e to the power j theta.
This r k is not reflection coefficient.
So, there is a amplitude of the pole and e to the power j theta.
So, if I say alpha k complex conjugate part, it will be nothing but a r k amplitude will be same e to the power minus j theta.
Value of alpha complex conjugate pole.
Now, interpret the value of value of alpha.
So, if I do that, if I put the value of alpha in here, then the dz will become or you can say vz will become g by 1 minus alpha k z to the power minus 1 into 1 minus alpha k star z to the power minus 1.
Let us write down this product.
I have not and product of k equal to 1 to n by 2.
So, if I do this one, instead of alpha k, I put the value of r k e to the power z theta.
Instead of alpha star k, I can put the r k e to the power minus z theta.
If I put that value, it will come g by 1 minus 2 r k cos theta k z to the power minus 1 plus r k square z to the power minus 2 for this complex conjugate product.
So, I can now if you see the v z, v k z in term of this one, this is v k z, v z if I want v z, write v z.
then there will be a product of pi equal to k k equal to 1 to n. So, v k I can say this two only this is v if I write v k this one then I do not write this product term ok. Now, if it is that then what is contribution of r k and v k?
Let us r k is equal to e to the power minus v k and v k is equal to so, v k is equal to minus Now, importance of this V k is nothing but a produce a bandwidth, V k produce a bandwidth and theta k give the formant position.
When the value of R k approach to unit, I can get the formant frequency, resonance frequency.
So, if it is R k approach to unit, close to unit circle.
then I can get the resonant frequency.
And if the B k value is non-zero, then I get a bandwidth pole.
There will be a pole, there will be a formant which has a bandwidth.
So, B k provide me the bandwidth, theta k provide me the formant position.
So, this information will be used when we develop the model.
using linear prediction model for speech production system.
So, if I know the theta k, if I know the theta k and value of r k, then I can model the system.
Theta k give me the formant frequency position and if r k tends to 0, tends to unit circle, amplitude of that pole is tends to your close to unit circle that give you the.
formant frequency in the spectrogram.
So, if I give you the formant frequency and formant bandwidth, if I able to find out for a speech event, I can able to derive the transfer function for that speech event the vocal tract transfer function.
Now, if I say that that event is given, so speech event let us say speech event the steady state vowel r. If I take the steady state vowel and analyze the frequency analysis and find out the formant frequency and formant bandwidth.
then I can able to find out the transfer function of that Vogel trap.
So, complex conjugate now, so do not confuse with number of complex conjugate pole and pole, number of normal pole.
So, if there is a n-tube model, n-tube model is there, then I can get n by 2 complex conjugate pole.
So, there will be a n by 2 formant.
So, if I able to Let us there is a n equal to 10 tube, I take 10 tube to model this whole vocal tract system is divided by 10 part and model it, then I can get 10 by 2 complex conjugate pole.
So, I can get 5 formant frequency.
On the other hand, let us I derive that mathematics, there is a example I have given in the in the slides.
Let the length of the vocal track L is equal to 17 centimeter and the velocity of sound is 340 meter per second.
Find the number of section required to generate 5 kilohertz bandwidth voice signal.
So, I have to generate 5 kilohertz bandwidth voice signal.
What should be the sampling frequency?
F s should be 10 kilohertz or not?
F s should be 10 kilohertz.
Then what is my tau?
Tau is nothing but a x by c. So, what is x?
x is the length of each section.
I have to find out number of section required.
So, let us I require a n number of section.
So, if the length of the tube is l, then the x is equal to l by n. So, then tau is equal to L by N into C. Now, if it is L is equal to 17.5 centimeter and C is equal to 35 centimeter per second, then I can find out it is nothing but a 17.5 divided by N into 35 triple 0 which is nothing but a 175.
divided by n into 350 let us write 350 into 10 to the power 3.
So, it is 2.
So, it is nothing but a 1 by 2 n into 10 to the power 3.
Now, what is tau?
So, what is T?
T is equal to 1 by F s. So, that T is nothing but a T is equal to 2 tau.
So, tau is equal to T by 2, tau is equal to T by 2, what is T?
T is nothing but a 1 by f s. So, it is nothing but a 2 by f s. So, I can write 1 by 2 f s is equal to 1 by 2 n 10 to the power 3, 2 to cancel.
So, it is n is equal to by 10 to the power 3.
So, F s is equal to 10 kilohertz, which is 10 kilohertz, nothing but a 10 section.
Or I can say n is nothing but a F s by n by 2, I can say, 10 to the power n by 2 is nothing but a bandwidth, if it is F s is equal to 2 B.
5 kilohertz.
So, 10 section is required to model that tube 5 kilohertz bandwidth I require 10 section.
So, similar kind of mathematics you can expect that if I want to generate 4 kilohertz bandwidth signal and f s is equal to let us 8 kilohertz sampling frequency is equal to 8 kilohertz, then find out the number of section is required minimum number of section is required.
So, I can find out the number of section is required.
So, this way I can find out and this way I can model that signal.
So, since that vocal track can be modeled as a all pole model, I am not going details of that thing, this is the form and trajectory.
So, I can see that the whole V z can be.
So, this is the V k is the product of this, if it is right V z then product will be here.
So, I can say this digital implementation again same.
each of the chunk represent the formant frequency.
This is the first formant 1, formant 2, formant 3, so that will come.
So, each stage represent one formant frequency, each stage represent one formant frequency.
So, there will be n by 2 number of stage will be there.
So, if it is n by 2 number of stage, then n by 2 formant frequency will be.
there.
So, I can say that lossless tube model lossless vocal tube model can be done by a linear system which is nothing but a v z is a linear system v z is equal to 1 plus k is equal to 1 to n n alpha k z to the power minus k LTI.
So, we will discuss the about that LTI system.
So, this I can say in summary.
This is a vocal track V z radiation is R z and got all plus is G z.
So, if I say what is the total transfer function is nothing, but a H z whole speech production transfer function G z V z into R z.
Whole H z the if I say the from the speech I want to find out H z which is the product of.
and lip radiation and I get the speech signal.
So, random noise passes through vocal track and included lip radiation produce the speech for unvoiced speech.
If it is a voiced speech, impulse strain will be modified by the Guadal pulse generator and that will pass through the vocal track and lip radiation produce the speech.
So, if you see three Tufts pole function, G z can be approximate by the second order this two pole two pole function.
for radiation there will be a one single pole is required.
So, 2 plus 1 3 pole if I do that then I can get a z.
So, we will discuss about that how many pole of course, the order of the linear prediction analysis that things during the linear prediction analysis function what is the how do you get the order of the linear prediction that time we use this information.
So, this is the whole vocal tract tube modeling.
So, in summary I can say.
The vocal track, this human vocal track can be modeled using a digital signal processing or it or can be implemented using a digital linear filter based on that requirement.
So, we have shown that if I consider this vocal track is a fun or you can is a simulated using a number of junks or number of section lossless tube section less n number of lossless tube section that then it can be implemented.
using a linear time linear system which is v z and which can be implemented in digital domain.
So, that is why this is called uniform tube modeling.
The throughout the section if I say n number of section throughout the each section the cross sectional area of the vocal chord I said uniform.
So, I can say throughout the whole vocal track can be single tube whole vocal track can be two tube.
or whole vocal tag can be n number of tube, but if I say n number of tube each tube cross sectional area is constant.
That is why uniform and lossless also because if it is lossy then all kinds of complexity will come up.
So, if it is lossless uniform tube model then it can be implemented using digital system that is V z.
Once I know that then I know yes if it is implementable via V z.
Then, can I think that output speech which has collected using a microphone cannot, can it be analyzed using linear signal processing?
Yes.
So, that is from there the concept of linear prediction analysis comes.
So, this system can be linearly modeled.
So, from the signal if I want to find out the transfer function, that is why I want to predict the vocal tract constriction.
So, if I know the signal, yes it is possible to find out the signal.
area cross sectional area of different section if I say it is n tube model n different section cross sectional area is possible to find out from the behavior of output speech.
Or if I know the area function I can implement it digitally it is possible to implement it if I excited by impulse response I can able to produce the speech.
So, this is the tube modeling.
So, this is called uniform tube model lossless tube modeling of speech production.
system.
Thank you.
So, now we have derived that transfer function of lossless tube without considering any loss infinite power at 500 hertz 1.5 kilo hertz 2.5 kilo hertz.
Now, if I consider that the tube the wall which I suppose to be rigid, if this wall is not rigid, this wall can flexible, this wall can modify if pressure is high, if there is a pressure wall can change.
So, what is happening instead of cross sectional area A is fixed.
Now, A is also function of x and t, a is also function of x and t. So, any time the cross sectional area A x t is nothing but a average area or you can say the A x t plus delta change of A x t due to the pressure at that position and that time delta a.
So, if you see the slides, if you see the slides, I have the slides is there.
So, inside it is A 0 t, I can say it is A 0 t.
fixed and then it is delta A x t is expansion.
So, now if I instead of u A and rho A the wave equation I have modified because the wave equation instead of fixed A, A is modified then if I put this one A 0 x t into del A x t for A 0 x t then the modified equation will be like this.
So, I am not going details.
modified equation mathematical things then it will be take lot of time.
So, I this is not that objective to derive the details.
Details can be available in the papers also mathematical details.
So, there is a complex equation will come out if I see the complex.
So, I can say this tube is made of a muscles I can say muscle is nothing but a spring mass action.
So, it is nothing but a spring mass mechanical oscillator if I consider the second order equation of the spring mass mechanical oscillator.
then this will be like this.
Then again if I 1, 2, 3 if I consider and then the wave equation instead of 2 wave wave equation with this 3 equation will derive and from that 3 equation I get an analytical solution of what will happen in the frequency response which is V a omega U l omega divided by U g omega.
Now they said if the length of the tube is 17.5 centimeter and 5 centimeter square is the cross sectional area.
and m omega is 0.5 gram per centimeter square b omega is 659 that means m omega is nothing but a mass per unit length b omega damping per unit length and stiffness per unit length of the vocal tract wall ok if i consider that value then it is said it was found in the frequency response earlier it was infinite energy 500 hertz 1.5 kilo hertz 2.5 kilohertz like that it is said that complex pole with non zero bandwidth.
So, here it is zero bandwidth here it is zero bandwidth bandwidth is zero in loss less condition.
Now if I introduce the loss what will happen then instead of zero bandwidth some bandwidth will be generated.
So, the poles are complex with non zero bandwidth.
slightly higher frequency the frequency will be instead of 500 hertz it may be 500 and 5 hertz slightly frequency shifted towards the higher frequency side most effected in the lower band lower frequency will be the most.
So, lower frequency bandwidth will be increased more compared to the higher frequency.
So, most effected is the lower band.
Now, if I consider losses and not rigid wall.
So, instead of a infinite band 0 bandwidth infinite impulse at every resonant frequency, it becomes a finite bandwidth with a slightly shifting higher direction of the formant.
So, formant is shifted slightly higher direction.
So, instead of this figure ultimately I will get some bandwidth kind of formant, but if you want to see more or less.
it will be on and around of 500 hertz slightly shifted.
So, I can easily say normally if it is tube is totally open first ferment is 500 hertz, second ferment is 1.5 kilohertz, third ferment is 2.5 kilohertz, third ferment is 2.5 kilohertz, fourth ferment is 3.5 kilohertz, fifth ferment is 4.5 kilohertz.
So, now if we see if a signal is band limited with 4 kilohertz.
then I can say I only can get up to fourth format, I cannot get the fifth format because fifth format is 4.5 kilohertz.
So, I will not get it.
So, if I cut the signal in here, I will get only three format, if I cut the signal in there, I can get the three or four format.
So, depends on the sampling frequency format will come, I will come this will discuss later on also.
So, I am not detailed discuss about the this kind of losses.
Now, second effect of radiation at leaf.
So, what I said once the air is radiated from the mouth.
So, I can say at the opening of the tube the acoustic wave is radiated.
So, the radiation this radiation why it is radiated in the atmospheric air.
So, what will be the radiation losses?
What kind of effect I will get due to this?
So, now if you see the assume that P L T is equal to 0 at lift this is the we have assume the acoustical analog a short circuit the output where you couple this thing if I say transmission line I said the output is totally short circuit T is equal to 0 T means the voltage is equal to 0.
So, output is short circuit here I said there is a no load no acoustic load.
So, it is loaded 0 output is short circuit it is ideal condition.
but it may not be the ideal condition.
So, what will be the effect of air load on the lip or you can say the radiation effect on the acoustic wave transmission.
So, then if I put the microphone then I can say what kind of signal I am expecting from the mouth.
Now, if I consider that how do you do that?
So, I can say let us this is the tube and this is the mouth here it is radiated.
So, whole load is the atmospheric load is there in the in the leaf.
So, let us the load is nothing but a inductive and resistive load L R and R R, acoustics mass inductive load and resistive load ok. Now, it is there then I can say here it is P L omega.
is nothing but a P l omega is nothing but a less this constitute this load constitute a Z r. So, Z r into u l omega.
So, I have not writing small u it is keep it capital U l omega means length omega means instead of time it is frequency it is length and frequency capital P frequency response P l omega is nothing but a Z r into u l omega or I can say.
that p l omega p l t is nothing but a small p l t is nothing but a Z r into u l t. Now, what is Z r?
Z r is nothing but a these two are in parallel.
So, j omega you can say that j omega l r r divided by j omega omega l r.
the acoustics load in the radiation load in here is not there it is totally short circuit which is the ideal condition we said p l t is equal to 0.
So, the frequency response whatever we have get due to the considering the loss and that things that will be remain constant remain same that means that implies or that means that at low frequency components are not affected by the radiation load because at low frequency radiation load does not affect the frequency response of the acoustical tube.
So, low frequency are less affected.
Now, if I say J omega or omega L r is much greater than R r at high frequency much much greater than R r then I can say it is nothing it is nothing but a R r J omega L J omega L cancel.
So, it is nothing but a R R. So, load is totally resistive.
So, radiation load is resistive means there is a loss radiation loss.
So, I can say high frequency are effected due to the radiation loss.
So, I can say the frequency response which I will get after the R R is high.
Considering the losses with the bandwidth, If it is passed through the radiation loss then low frequency will not affected much more, but high frequency will be lost.
So, I will explain it in here if you see this is the figure with the no loss condition at 500 hertz infinite energy 0 bandwidth.
If I consider the wall vibration then I say the bandwidth is increases slightly amplitude increases in high frequency.
and bandwidth is introduced and bandwidth in the low frequency are much more.
Then if I say the Vesca's law, friction laws consider then again the bandwidth is increased the bandwidth and slightly decrease the formant frequency, it slightly increase the formant frequency.
So, increase decrease if I cancel out I can say the formant frequency is around whatever 500 as I have get here, but bandwidth is here, here is 0 bandwidth.
Now if I consider the radiation laws.
Then if you see high frequency or resistive radiation, so this circuit this will be suppressed.
So radiation loss due to the radiation loss high frequency components amplitude will be decreased.
Now if you see that also here also then in mathematics H j omega transfer function of the tube is nothing but a P l omega divided by U g omega which is P l omega U l omega.
So it is nothing but a Z r omega.
will be multiplied with the V omega Z r omega is 1 or no effect if omega is very low if Z r omega is sorry if the omega is low radiation effect is not negligible if it is Z r omega is omega is very high then there is a lot of attenuation in the high frequency.
So, frequency response of the Z r omega is nothing but like this this taper high if the frequency increases loss is increases.
So, that is why if I see any speech signal, if you see the speech signal, it will look like that high frequency or amplitude or less, this is due to the radiation loss, high frequency amplitude or very less.
So, this is the frequency response of the uniform tube, if I consider whole tube vocal track is a single tube, then I say this is the frequency response, this is the transfer function of the single tube model.
the frequency response is that for when frequency are 500 hertz 1.5 kilo hertz 2.5 kilo hertz, but the response is high frequency are attenuated due to the radiation loss and it is not 0 bandwidth because of the if I consider the losses inside the tube.
Now so vocal track can be characterized by a set of resonance that depends on the vocal track area function with shift due to the loss.
and radiation.
The bandwidth of the two lowest resonance depend primarily on the vocal track wall losses f 1 and f 2 and the bandwidth of the highest resonance depend the highest frequency resonance depend primarily on the viscous friction loss, thermal loss and radiation loss.
Because if you see I said the bandwidth is most affected frequency or low frequency in case of wall variation in the wall.
In case of viscous low high frequency bandwidth are introduced.
Now, next one is nozzle coupling effect.
This is one cavity I have done.
Now, if you see you experience that this is a cavity and you produce a sound.
Now, if I put a hole in here sound will change.
If you see the flute there is a lot of hole in the top of the flute and by pressing the closing the hole I can change the sound.
If you see that flute or saxophone playing just closing the valve means I am closing the hole in the tube.
So, if I put a hole here you know the frequency response is changed the tube frequency response will be changed.
Now in case of our case in vocal track also there is a nozzle coupling in here.
So, once the valium is open so nozzle coupling is coupled with the oral track, tube structure is changed the frequency response will be changed.
So, sound pressure the same as at the input of each tube the volume velocity is the sum of the volume velocity at the input to nozzle and oral cavity.
So, close oral cavity can trap energy at certain frequency preventing those frequency from appearing in the nozzle output.
So, if you think about why I am producing a nozzle consonant or nozzle sound if my oral cavity is totally closed then the air is coming through the nozzle.
Now, if the oral cavity is not totally closed then the nozzle and oral both cavity are.
So, if I consider the nozzle sound is coming in this path then some pressure will be trapped by this oral cavity.
So, that trap will produce some NT resonance frequency.
So, nozzle resonance have border bandwidth loss is much more much more.
So, bandwidth so, in case the formant bandwidth will be border in case of nozzle sound and the NT resonance will be there.
So, I can say dip if I say this this point will be much more larger point.
will be introduced.
So, bandwidth will be larger also.
So, compared to the oral sound, nasal sound bandwidth is larger.
Now, let us I stop here because next class I will start about the sound excite another topic which is called how the excitation will excite the vocal tract, then we will derive the two boundary condition which is as the lip and the glottis.
After derive considering the boundary condition, we will derive the total task function in digital domain and then try to implement is uniform tube model.
Then you go for the multi tube modeling of the human vocal track.
Thank you.
So, we have derived that 2 O M equation, this 2 O M equation we have derived.
Now, here one things is there that V is the particle velocity ok.
Now, if I say volume velocity, so if you see volume velocity, if the velocity is v of let us tube with the cross sectional area is a, then what is the volume velocity a into v the total volume v is the length of the tube and a is the cross sectional area.
So, v is the a into v is the volume.
So, if I say volume velocity is u, then u is equal to v by a or sorry u is equal to v into a.
or I can say v is equal to u by a.
Now, if I put this thing on put this thing on this two equations where I can say that del square or del p by del x is equal to minus rho del v by del t. So, this will become v is equal to u by a.
So, del del p by del x is equal to minus rho v u by a rho by a del u by del t. Similarly, del p by del t is equal to minus rho c square del v by del x this will become del p by del t is equal to minus rho c square rho c square minus rho c square or I can say u sorry this is del u by del t not del p del u by del t is or rho c square by a del v by del x or I can say del u by del x is equal to minus a by rho c square del p by del t ok. Now, if you see this equation and this equation, this two equation if you see.
is equal to C into del V by del t ok. Now, this is analogous to so, this two equation analogous to this is the electrical transmission line equation lossless electrical transmission line equation.
Then I can say if this this equation is analogous to this equation then I can say that P is analogous to V. So, pressure in acoustic domain domain is analogous to voltage in electrical domain.
Similarly, u is analogous to i, volume velocity in acoustic domain is equivalent to electrical current in electrical domain.
And if I say l is equal to rho by a, so this rho by a is called acoustical inductance, acoustical inductance.
Similarly, I can say that a by rho c square is analogous to C. So, it is called acoustical capacitance.
a by rho c square is acoustical capacitance and rho by a is the acoustical inductance.
p is analogous to voltage, current is analogous to volume velocity ok.
So, if you see this slide I have written this slide same things I have written in this slide ok. Now, so this I know.
So, I can say that if I know the equation I can analogous electric transmission line I can also draw.
This is same as electrical transmission line lossless transmission line.
Now, so what I want to know what I want to do is that I want to find out the transfer function of a uniform tube which is I can say this side is the vocal cords which acts as a piston.
So, x is equal to 0 where the force is applied in the tube and x is equal to L where the tube radiate the sound energy.
in the air.
Now, if I see that that this one this tube whole tube is nothing, but a this kind of situation pressure or you can say the pressure is applied in here acoustical pressure is applied in here.
So, I can say the particle velocity in this point I can say or volume velocity in this point is u 0 t and volume velocity at this point is u.
at this point is nothing but a P 0 t pressure at here is P x t and cross section of the tube is A the area cross sectional area of the tube is A ok. We consider throughout the tube A remain constant ok.
So, now A remain constant.
Now, try to find out the travelling wave solution.
in the tube ok. What are the travelling wave solution?
Now, if I say that minus del u by del x is equal to a by rho c square del p by del t or I can write down these two equation where I said this is the pressure wave equation not this not this one where it is this will be here.
So, this is the pressure wave equation this is the pressure wave equation and this is the velocity wave equation.
Now, I have to find out the solution of this second order differential equation and again solution of this second order differential equation give me the velocity.
So, if I draw the solution of this second order differential equation you know that second order differential is total solution is nothing but a.
So, I can say that u x t is equal to u plus t minus x y c minus u plus t plus x y c.
What is that?
T minus x by c, so I can say this is called forward wave, this is called backward wave.
So, in the tube there is a forward wave and there is a backward wave.
In the forward wave I can say the if the time axis this is the time axis is the forward wave then T is minus x by c. If it is the backward wave, so negative direction T plus x by c.
C is the velocity of the sound, x is the position.
Now, similarly what is P x t?
P x t is nothing but a rho c by a u plus t minus x by c plus u minus t plus x by c. So, this I can say is nothing but a Z, Z t which is called impedance of the transmission line or impedance of the acoustic tube is nothing but a.
u plus t minus x by c plus u minus t plus x by c ok.
So, where Z d is equal to rho c by a.
So, u plus is the forward wave u minus is the backward travelling wave ok. Now, if it is that then there is a two boundary condition in the tube if you see.
what is the boundary condition?
At the glottis at the here the glottis point where the vocal cords are vibrating here u 0 t is nothing, but a Guadal excitation which is nothing, but a less Guadal excitation is u g omega and equal to e into e to the power j omega t where this omega is the continuous frequency.
So, all frequency frequency of u.
So, I can say I excited the tube with unit impulse or I guess every frequency and I want to find out the every frequency response at the output ok. That is why I said omega E j omega t and this excitation is if it is impulse then that or you can say the excitation content all the frequency is equal amplitude and that amplitude is modify as per the gotel response gotel frequency response that is this u g omega ok.
So, I can say the the Gortle frequency response which is U G omega has to be passed through the tube and the tube output of the tube I have to find out and then output by input is the tube transfer function.
So, U 0 t U 0 t is nothing, but a U G omega e to the power j omega t. And at the leaf let us there is a radiation load is for the low frequency radiation load completely not there.
So, what will happen at the lifts it again it atmospheric pressure.
So, I can say P x P l t at x equal to l is equal to 0.
So, if I put P l t so, what is u 0 t. So, u 0 t is u g omega e to the power j omega t is equal to u plus.
So, x is equal to 0.
So, I can say u plus t minus u minus sorry this will be minus u minus t x equal to 0.
So, x equal to 0 will be not there.
So, I can say u plus t u minus t and if it is p l t then p l t is equal to 0.
So, 0 is p l t is equal to 0.
So, I can say z t into u plus t minus l by c plus u minus t plus l by c. So, there is a differential equation.
So, since the differential equation are linear with constant coefficient, the solution must be in the form of k plus k minus represent the amplitude and the forward and backward wave.
So, I can say if it is linear wave equation, forward wave u plus t or you can say the u plus t minus x by c can be represented in the form of amplitude let us this is k plus e to the power j omega t minus x by c differential equation second order differential equation and u minus I can say t plus x by c is nothing but a k minus e to the power j omega t plus by c exponential solution.
So, this is the exponential solution.
Now, if I put that value in two equation, equation number 1 in here and equation number 2 in here.
So, in 1 I can say u g omega e to the power j omega t is nothing but a k plus e to the power j omega t because x is equal to 0 minus.
k minus e to the power j omega t x equal to 0.
And similarly, 0 is equal to Z d into u plus k plus e to the power j omega t minus l by c plus k minus e to the power j omega t plus l by c. From here, I can say e to the power j omega t into j omega t.
So, I can say k plus minus k minus is equal to u g omega and here I can say z d is equal to k e to this is equal to this.
So, I can this is the equation number 1 and this is equation number 2 again I can solve for k plus and k minus.
I am not deducing the solution because you can do it easily.
So, you can just deduce the solution and find out the k plus and k minus.
So, K plus and K minus will be in the form of K plus will be equal to U G omega e to the power 2 J omega L by C divided by 1 plus e to the power 2 J omega L by C. This is the K plus and K minus will be minus U G omega.
divided by 1 plus e to the power 2 j omega L by c. Once I know the k plus and k minus, then I can write down the u x t, u x t is nothing but a k plus e to the power j omega t minus x by c minus e to the k minus e to the power j omega t plus x by c. Now, I put the value of k k plus is nothing but a u g omega this value in here and u k minus I can put the value in here.
Then if I put the value then I can say u g u g omega e to the power 2 j omega l by c divided by 1 plus e to the power 2 j omega l by c into e to the power j omega t minus x by c minus So, it is minus minus say plus u g omega u g omega divided by 1 plus e to the power 2 j omega L by c into e to the power j omega t plus x by c ok. Now, I can say that u g omega is common.
So, u g omega e to the power j omega t will be same ok e to the power j omega t.
Then, I can say it is nothing but a e to the power j omega 2 L 2 L minus x divided by c minus plus e to the sorry my plus e to the power j omega x by c divided by 1 plus e to the power 2 j omega.
by c. Now, if it is that then I can solve for that the this is the u g u g omega.
So, u g omega if I simplify it then u g omega sorry this is the u x t. So, ultimately if I again simplify it u x t will be in the form of cos omega l minus x by c divided by cos omega l by c cos omega l by c into u g omega e to the power j omega t. Here if I say that e to the power j theta that way if I do it l minus l minus x if I do that then it will cos omega l minus x by c into cos omega l by c by simplify it.
Similarly, if I will get the P x t, P x t will be j omega z d sin omega L minus x divided by c divided by cos omega L y c into u g omega e to the power j omega t, where z d is equal to rho c by a.
Now, I get this 2 u and P.
Now, what is if you see P is analogous to voltage, U is analogous to current.
Now, if I say what is the you can say the impedance Z is nothing but a P X T divided by U X T. If I do that P X T divided by U X T, so it will come J Z T into tan omega L minus X.
tan omega L minus x y c. This divided by this, so this divided by this, so cos by sin by cos tan this will come.
So, this is nothing but a acoustics impedance inside the tube at any point of x.
So, if x is equal to something I can find out the acoustic impedance.
So, now if the del x.
if the x is variation of x is very small then I can say that z is equal to nothing but a z z is nothing but a j omega rho by c rho by a into del x omega.
So, simplification of that for a small x del x is very small then I can do that ok. Now, so this is a z now if I interpreted this thing the part this is particle velocity the volume velocity this is pressure wave.
this is volume velocity and this is pressure wave.
Now, if I interpreted that things what is the envelope?
Here envelope is Z d pressure wave Z d sin omega L minus x by c this is part is the envelope part this part will be same variation e to the power j omega t that is actually like a envelope part and this is the envelope part in here.
Now, if you see this portion is constant if the L is constant this portion is constant.
So, one is sin omega another is cos.
So, if I say how the pressure amplitude pressure wave amplitude and volume velocity amplitude is vary inside the tube then I can say only x axis here x only I am I drawing the envelope portion.
So, one is sin another is cos.
So, if this is cos is the volume velocity.
So, if the particle velocity is maximum then pressure wave is minimum 0.
So, particle velocity will vary like this.
Then, pressure wave or volume velocity sorry u is the volume velocity pressure wave will be look like this one is cos another is sin.
Now, if I say real part of this part this real part of this.
So, I can say if I write.
u x t is equal to cos of omega L minus x y by c divided by cos omega L by c into u g omega e to the power j omega t. So, e to the power j omega t is nothing but a cos omega t plus j.
sin omega t. So, cos part is the real part, sin part is the imaginary part.
So, I can say the real part of u x t is nothing but a cos omega L minus x divided by c divided by cos omega L by c into u g omega.
cos omega t. Similarly, I can get the real part of the pressure wave ok or not.
So, real part of this u u g omega t is this one only ok. Now, I come to the transfer function of the tube.
So, in the tube I can say this is x equal to 0, this is x equal to L. So, if I say input is u 0 t.
and output is u x t volume velocity.
So, I can say the V a transfer function V a omega is nothing, but a u x sorry u l t u l t divided by u 0 t x is l and x is 0 here ok.
So, what is that?
Now, if I see that u is equal to cos omega l minus x by c. So, at u at l.
x is equal to L cos omega L minus at x equal to L x equal to L divided by c divided by cos omega L by c into u g omega e to the power j omega t which is nothing but a u L t. So, u L t it is L minus L is 0.
So, it is nothing but a 1 by cos omega l by c u g omega e to the power j omega t. Now, what is u 0 t?
u 0 t is nothing, but a u g omega e to the power j omega t which is got all impulse at the got is point here.
So, if I say u l t by u ah ah u 0 t.
So, VA omega is nothing but a ULT 1 by cos omega L by C into UG omega e to the power j omega t divided by UG omega e to the power j omega t. This will cancel, so it is nothing but a 1 by cos omega L by C. So, transfer function of the uniform tube where this side is closed and mouth is open x equal to 0 and x equal to l is 1 by cos omega l by c. Now, if it is 1 by cos omega l by c then what is the pole position?
What do you mean by pole position?
Pole you know that pole.
So, any transfer function let us say h omega is nothing but a consists from some p omega divided by q omega.
So, there is some pole and some solution of P will give me the 0 solution of Q will give me the pole.
So, if you see solution of Q when Q omega Q omega is equal to 0 then what is the amplitude value?
Value is infinite that means, at the pole the resonance of the system is occur.
So, I get the highest energy maximum energy resonance will be occur at pole every pole.
So, if I have a 5 pole I get 5 resonance frequency.
So, if the fifth order Q is the order is the fifth that means, I can get the fifth solution 5 solution 5 solution give me the 5 resonance frequency.
How many solution I can get here cos theta is equal to 0 when when omega L by C is equal to 2 n plus 1 into pi by 2 cos pi by 2.
2 cos pi by 2 0 again it will be 0 and where pi ok.
So, cos pi by 2 is equal to 0.
So, it cos pi by 2 is equal to 0 again it will be 0 when it is 3 pi by 2 when it is 5 pi by 2 that way if it is happen then it will be 0 ok.
So, 1 by the VA is nothing, but a 1 by cos pi by 2. .
omega L by C ok.
So, what I describe that any transfer function can be written any any system transfer function h omega can be written as p omega divided by q omega p omega divided by q omega.
Now, if you know that solution of p omega this polynomial will give me the what 0 and solution of this.
omega will give me the pole that is why p h omega is called the pole 0 function.
So, 0 and pole now what is the physical significance of pole suppose I said there is a pole what do you mean by pole physically what will happen.
Now, if you see what do you mean by solution of q omega at solution point q omega will be 0 if I put it 0 then h omega value will be infinite at solution point of p omega.
p omega will be 0, the solution point of p omega then h omega will be 0.
So, I can see that if each solution point of q omega that means, in every pole the system response will be infinite.
So, that means, system will resonate and every solution for p omega which is nothing but a 0.
the system response will be 0 that is why it is called pole 0.
So, every pole corresponding to a resonance in speech those resonance are called formant ok.
In speech those resonance are called formant.
So, I know if I want to know the formant response or frequency response of V omega V a omega then I have to find out where its resonance is occur.
When the resonance isck when cos omega L by c is equal to 0.
So, if I want to know at which frequency this cos omega L by c is equal to 0 at which frequency.
So, what is omega is continuous frequency is nothing but a 2 pi f. So, I put so omega is equal to 2 pi f when cos theta will be 0.
cos theta will be 0 if theta is equal to pi by 2 theta is equal to pi by 2 cos theta is equal to 0.
So, I know cos so omega L by c should be pi by 2.
Now, when pi by 2 let us I put that 2 pi f L by c is equal to pi by 2.
So, I know at theta is equal to pi by 2 theta is equal to 0.
So, omega L by C is equal to pi by 2 if pi if pi by 2 then cos omega L by C is equal to 0.
So, resonance will be occur.
So, first resonance because cos theta can be 0 not only pi by 2, but cos theta is equal to 0 if theta is equal to pi by 2 not only pi by 2 if theta is equal to 3 pi by 2 then also it is 0.
If it is 5 pi by 2 then also it is 0.
minimum frequency first that is why you call first resonance frequency is theta is equal to pi by 2.
So, pi pi cancel it is nothing but a 2 into f L by c is equal to half or I can say f is equal to c by 4 L. Now, what is c?
c is the velocity of sound.
What is L?
L is the length of the tube average human vocal cord length is equal to L is equal to 17.5 centimeter.
So, L is equal to 17.5 centimeter.
What is C?
Velocity of sound, velocity of sound is 35 centimeter per second.
So, I can say F is equal to 35000 divided by 4 into 17.5 which is equal to 500 Hertz.
If omega L by C is equal to 3 pi by 2, then F will becomes 1.5 kilohertz.
So, it is F 1 first formant, second formant.
If it is third formant, then omega L by C is equal to 5 pi by 2, then it will become 2.5 kilohertz.
If you see distance between the first formant and second formant is 1 kilohertz.
second formant and third formant is 1 kilohertz it is fixed because tube length is fixed.
This is similar with your earlier physics theory that if this side is closed then the first harmonics will occur at lambda by 4.
So, L is equal to lambda by 4.
So, F is equal to C by lambda which becomes C by 4 L. C is the velocity and L is the length of the tube which is thin.
in here also.
Then it will be odd multiples of, so it is not f is equal to nothing but a 2 n plus 1 c by 4 lambda.
So, here also same, so f 1, f 2, f 3 I can get.
Now, can I draw the frequency response of the uniform tube, where there is no loss, no nothing, nothing loss.
So, I can say if this is my frequency axis, this is 500 hertz, this is 1.5 kilo hertz.
this is 2.5 kilohertz.
So, at 500 hertz power is maxima.
So, on it will going.
So, it is I can put a arrow in here.
So, it is infinite power.
So, it is a impulse with a impulse power at 500 hertz.
0 and bandwidth is equal to 0.
This is real pole, so bandwidth is equal to 0.
Bandwidth is equal to 0 with 0 bandwidth infinite power resonance will occur at 500 hertz, 1.5 kilohertz, 2.5 kilohertz.
If the length of the vocal tube is 17.5 centimeter and velocity of the sound is 35000 centimeter per.
second.
So, that I know this is the frequency response for the uniform tube model with without considering any kinds of loss or any the walls is rigid wall not variable wall means walls is rigid.
So, next lecture I will discuss how this response will be effected if I consider one loss.
at a time.
If I consider one loss, how it will be modified?
Second loss, how it will be modified?
Then ultimately we can get what should be the frequency response or what should be the response of this vocal tract tube if I get it and what should be the transfer function.
Thank you.
So, last class we have discussed about that effect of that different kind of losses, nozzle effect of nozzle cavity on sound spectrogram.
And we said that with derived that transfer function of the uniform tube single tube vocal vocal track.
Now, think about that see vocal track is a single tube model is ok. Now, can I find out that the radiation loss also we have find out the effect of radiation loss.
Now, think about that how the glottal will connected to the vocal track ok.
If you see here the air flow from lungs passes through the vocal cords and once it passes through the vocal cords the since the vocal cord create obstruction in the air flow.
And, due to this air flow the vocal cord is vibrating and that vibration create the sound and goes through the vocal track and produce the sound.
So, I can say whole vocal track can be the this is a systems.
So, I can say this if you see the diagram.
So, this is the vocal track model let us this is the vocal track model.
How we excited that model using the vocal cord vibration.
So, now vocal cord vibration can I electrically simulate like this way.
So, this is the air flow that means, the air pressure which is coming from lungs if the vocal cords are closed the pressure is increases.
Once it start opening that if the pressure that this increased pressure force air flow through the vocal cords opening and that air flow causes a vibration in the vocal cord and that vibration create the sound.
Now if I say.
if the if I say the if you know that particle volume velocity u is nothing, but a analogous to electrical current I.
So, if I say this is the vocal track which is a system and it is excited by a pressure which is coming from pressure is coming from P g lungs lungs pressure is excited the vocal track and that pressure sorry that lungs pressure will connect to will cause an particle velocity or volume velocity u in the vocal track.
So, that how do you make the word.
So, if I say the impedance of the vocal cords is nothing, but a resistance and inductive impedance that lets it is a l g and it is r g like the load ok.
So, now this pressure pass through that impedance and create a vocal cord or you can say volume velocity u g.
which is the input to the vocal tract system.
Now, if I say this vocal tract vocal cords is a time bearing vocal cords because vocal cord is closing and opening closing and opening.
So, once it is completely closed so completely closed means u g is equal to 0.
If it is completely closed no volume velocity because air is completely stopped flow is completely stopped.
So, no volume velocity u g is 0.
So, when this UG will be 0, if the impedance in here is infinite.
So, if I say let vocal chord opening AG is a function of T. So, opening of the vocal chord is a function of T, then impedance impedance is nothing but a 1 by AGT.
So, when the vocal chord are completely closed then AG opening AGT is equal to.
0 and that creates infinite impedance.
So, that there is although there is a pressure is there, but there is no flow, u g is 0 ok.
So, that is why that gotor closure impedance is infinite volume velocity is equal to 0.
Now, this analogy let us try to derive that ok.
I know the vocal track transfer function, I know the load condition or boundary condition at the lips which is the radiation load, I know the input condition vocal cords loading to the tube.
Now, can I implement that tube in a or in a circuits or in a digital domains or in a circuits?
So, let this is my vocal track, this is the vocal track.
uniform tube is the vocal tract.
So, here is an radiation load at the lip.
So, if this is my ZL radiation load in the, so this is x equal to 0, this is x equal to length, length of the vocal tract is L and here is the radiation load.
This side there is a some impedance in here and then there is a pressure source Pg.
So, this is the complete electrical model.
Now, if it is P g, it can be think this is P g. So, if I make it replaced by a current source which is nothing but a U g, current source is nothing but a U g, then this impedance come in parallel.
So, this is Z g and this is P g.
is the complete model.
Now, putting these two boundary condition, try to simulate this single tube vocal cord model.
So, if I say this vocal track, if I say this is my input volume velocity.
So, there will be output volume velocity, this is the there is a this is u you can say that this is u t u t.
u t plus 0 t this is u t minus plus you can say that l t this is u t minus and this is l t and this is u t 0 t minus.
So, this is a backward wave.
So, there will be a forward wave there will be a backward wave inside the tube which is u plus.
and which is u minus ok.
So, considering all those things can I derive this tube mathematical model of this tube considering two boundary condition ok. Now, so tube can acts nothing, but a delay tube is acting is nothing, tube acts nothing, but a delay let us forget about that part let us solve one by one boundary condition.
So, boundary condition at leafs.
So, I have a vocal track, this track has a boundary condition at leaf.
So, this is nothing but a Z L. So, this is nothing but a U minus L T here and this is U plus L T.
or I can say this current which is coming out it is nothing but a ULT.
Here it is U plus, here it is U minus and here it is U plus.
So, this ULT pass through this ZL and create PLT.
PLT is nothing but a P at LT.
is equal to nothing but a Z L into let us complete current U L T or I can say U T let us write that T track U T L T. So, now find out that boundary condition.
So, what is P L T pressure across the load.
pressure across the load is nothing but a Z L or you can say the Z L let us write Z L into U T L T. So, it is nothing but a Z L into what is U T L T?
U T L T is nothing but a U plus L T minus U T minus L T.
So, it is nothing but this one.
Now, if I say what is P L t at the output of the track P L t x equal to L in here and x equal to 0 in here.
So, at x equal to L P L t is nothing but a Z d into U t plus L t plus U t minus L t.
or not and these two things are equal because at here this pressure is equivalent to the pressure across the load.
So, in that case I can say Z d u t plus L t plus u t minus L t.
is equal to Z L u t plus L t minus u t minus L t is ok.
I can write down.
Now, I write down that what is u t L t. So, Z t into u plus u t plus t minus L by c.
plus u t minus t minus L by c is equal to Z L u t plus t minus L by c this will be plus sorry minus u t minus t plus L by c. Now from this equation if I want to find out u t minus T plus L by C. I want to find out that backward wave.
So, why if I want to find out backward wave, so let us all the forward wave term I can write one side and on the backward wave term I can write another side.
So, I can say Z D from here I can say Z D into U T minus T plus L by C this term will come.
plus Z L U T minus T plus L by C is equal to Z L into U T plus will be there.
So, Z L U T plus T minus L by C minus Z T into U T plus T minus L by C. So, I can say ut minus t plus lyc into Zd plus Zl equal to ut plus t minus lyc into Zl minus Zd.
So, I can write ut minus t plus lyc is equal to this is ZL minus ZT take the minus sign out.
So, minus ZT minus ZL divided by ZT plus ZL into UT plus T minus L by C or not.
Let us this whole things ZT minus ZL divided by ZT plus ZL ZT minus ZL divided by ZT plus ZL if I say this is nothing, but a RL.
If I write down this is nothing but a R L. So, I can write it is nothing but a minus R L u t plus t minus L by C. Now, if I say if it is this minus R L u t plus t minus L by C is ok.
So, this is like same that in if you see the slides it is nothing but the same.
So, it is minus R L into U T minus T minus L by C is ok. Now, what is the total current then?
What is U T or you can say the U L T?
What is U L T?
U L T is the current passing through Z L current which is passing through Z L which is nothing, but a ultimate volume velocity which is passing through these circuits.
So, it is nothing, but a U T L T. So, I can say U T L is nothing, but a U T plus T minus L by C minus U T minus t plus L by c. So, u L you can say u L t is nothing, but a u at L and t. So, u at L like this.
So, I can say I put that minus value in here.
So, u t plus t minus L by c minus again minus plus R L into u t plus t minus L by c.
So, I can say it is nothing but a 1 plus R L into U T plus U T plus T minus L by C sorry U T plus T minus L by C. So, this is nothing but a 1 plus R L. Now, if I want to draw the circuits, so what should be the electrical circuits or transmission line kind of circuits?
So, ULT so I can say let us this is the tube.
So, if I say the glottis producing a let us that there is a tube.
So, tube is nothing, but a delay.
So, if I say this is my vocal track.
So, vocal track has a forward wave and has a backward wave.
So, whole tube is nothing the volume velocity in here and volume velocity here let us the volume velocity expression will be different.
but let us it is delayed.
So, what will happen?
Let us I say this is a delay circuits for forward wave.
So, it is nothing but a U t plus 0 t ok. Let us after the delay I get U t plus L t ok. Then backward delay I have a backward let us this is U t minus L t backward wave and I can get here also backward wave which is u t minus 0 t. Now total output of this volume output volume velocity is nothing but a u L which is u L t which is nothing but a u t plus u t L t. So, u t L t What is the UTLT equation?
UTLT equation is 1 plus RL UT plus T minus L by C. So, it is UT T minus L by C. So, I can say it is multiplied by 1 plus RL and I get that value.
What is T minus T minus LT?
It is nothing but a multiply by the plus this one.
Multiply by the minus RL.
as per this equation this equation.
So, I can say it is multiply by the minus R L I will get this and this whole things is nothing but the delay is ok.
So, it is this is the boundary condition 1 plus R L multiply by this circuits.
So, this is the signal flow diagram I can say signal flow diagram is nothing but the 1 plus R L.
by U t L t here and here is minus R L and flow is this side backward wave flow is this side.
Now, consider if you see the slide it is like this.
Now, there is a condition if Z L is much much greater than 0 much much greater than 0 then R L is equal to 1.
If Z L what is R L?
R L is nothing but a Z D minus Z L divided by Z D plus Z L. Now, if I say that if Z L is much much greater than 0, then I can say R L is equal to this condition I will come later on this I will come after discussing the boundary condition I will come this Z L Z D.
this constraint scenario ok.
So, this is the at the leap condition.
Now, if I say the glottis side, if I discuss about the boundary condition at the glottis side.
So, I can say I know the leap side I know leap side is nothing, but a Z L which is Z L ok. Now, this side I have I have said the pressure source is replaced by a current source which is nothing, but a volume velocity which is U G 0 t.
or U g t here 0 is not here because x equal to 0 in here x equal to l in here.
Now, the impedance, got all impedance come in parallel then z g. So, signal flow is like this, this is the forward wave backward wave.
So, I can say that P g t total got all pressure is nothing but a p t 0 t the pressure across in here will be same in here also what all pressure.
Now, the current is nothing but a this is the total current.
So, some current will be flow this way and some current will be flow this way some current will be flow this circuits and some current will be flow this circuits.
So, I can say u t 0 t which is the velocity at the input of the vocal track is nothing, but a u g t minus.
So, this is the total pressure is P g t. So, total pressure is P g t divided by z g. So, this current if this this total pressure is P g t then the pressure divided by the load is the current.
So, this current will be minus from the total current.
is the current which will passing through this to the tube.
So, I can say volume velocity at the tube input is nothing but a total u g t the total volume velocity produced by the glottis minus the volume velocity which is passing through the load you can say the glottal load u z g. So, this total current minus the load current.
So, load current if the z g is the load and voltage is p g t then p g t is the z g is the.
current.
Now, what is P g t?
P g t is nothing but a P 0 t or I can say P 0 t or P t 0 t input track voltage.
So, pressure at vocal track input.
So, I can write U g t minus 1 pi z g into z t U t plus.
0 t plus u t minus 0 t or not.
So, I can write u g t minus z t divided by z g into u t plus t 0 plus u t.
minus t, x equal to 0, here x equal to 0.
So, from here what I have to find out?
Again I want to find out the what the volume expression of the volume velocity which is input to the track forward wave and the backward wave, then I can draw the circuits.
So, from there I want to find out u t plus t. From this equation I want to find out u t plus t. How do I do it?
So, u t 0 t here it is u t 0 t I write down u t 0 t means u t plus t minus u t minus t is equal to u g t minus z d divided by z g into u t.
t plus t plus u t minus t. So, from there I have to find out u t plus t. What will be the expression?
The expression will be like this u t I am not deriving it u t plus t will be u g t divided by 1 plus Z d divided by Z g into 1 minus Z d by Z g divided by 1 plus Z d by Z g into U t minus t. So, I can simplify it U g t plus U t and here also I can say U g t sorry there will be a plus this is not into.
So, if I simplify it, Zg into Ugt divided by Zg plus Zt plus Zg minus Zt divided by Zg plus Zt into Ut minus t.
Now, if I say Zg minus Zd divided by Zg plus Zd is equal to Rg, I say that this terminology this term is equivalent to Rg.
So, what is the value of Zg divided by Zg plus Zd?
So, Zg plus Zd will be 1 plus Rg.
Let us find out 1 plus R g by 2.
So, what is 1 plus R g by 2?
1 plus R g divided by 2 is equal to 1 plus Z g minus Z d divided by Z g plus Z d whole divided by half.
So, it will be Z g plus Z d plus Z g minus Z d divided by Z g plus Z d. So, Z d Z d cancel.
So, it will be 2 Zg divided by Zg plus Zd into half.
So, it is nothing but Zg divided by Zg plus Zd.
So, I can say this term Zg by Zg plus Zd is nothing but a so, I can say Ut plus T is nothing but a 1 plus Rg divided by 2 into Ug T.
plus R g u t minus t ok. Now, I draw the complete circuit of this side.
So, I can say seeing this equation I try to draw the vocal track circuits ok.
So, let us this is my tube.
So, again this is my delay in the forward wave, this is my delay in the backward wave.
I take this blue pen.
So, this is the delay circuit.
So, this delay circuits this is delay.
So, I can say this is u g is coming from here u g t is coming from here, got all volume velocity is coming from here.
So, if it has to be u t. So, if this is nothing, but a u t plus t u t plus t.
u t at that u t plus.
So, this is nothing, but a 1 plus R g divided by 2 multiply this plus backward wave has to be added here which one is nothing, but a R g. So, u t plus t is nothing, but a 1 plus R g by 2.
So, u g t multiply by 1 plus R g by 2 system diagram signal flow diagram.
plus delay this is nothing but a u t minus t R g and left side what I get if it is u t final output left side we get this kind of things which is nothing but a 1 plus R L and this is nothing but a signal flow diagram.
So, this will be the sign this is nothing but a minus R L has to be signed and this is nothing but a.
U t minus L t. This is nothing but a U t plus L t. So, if I consider whole tube is nothing but a delay and put these two boundary condition, now if I know R g and R l, I can derive the circuit diagram or transfer function also.
So, in digital circuits, how the delay is implemented?
this delay can be replaced by Z to the power minus n, n is the number of sample delay.
So, suppose I have a 17.5 centimeter long tube 17.5 centimeter long tube ok.
So, how much delay if the sound velocity is 35000 second 0 centimeter per second 350.
meter per second.
So, this so how much time sound will take from here from come from here to here 17.5 centimeter is the tube length.
So, time is distance divided by the velocity.
So, you can get it.
how much time will required to cover 17.5 centimeter if the velocity is v is velocity of c of the sound is equal to 3500 centimeter per second.
I can easily find out that things and once I get that things.
So, I can say this is 350 to 2 I can put one so this is 1 t by 2000.
So, I can say half.
0 or can say 0.5 half millisecond half millisecond 10 to the power 3 is half millisecond to 0.5 millisecond.
So, 0.5 millisecond time will take from tube come to here to here.
Now, if I say that in digital domain if this circuit I want to implement If it is sampled at 8 kilohertz, then single sample delay means 1 by 8 kilohertz.
This is a single sample delay.
So, 1 by 8 kilohertz, I think 125 microsecond.
Then how much delay will be required?
0.5 millisecond.
I can calculate the number of Z is required.
So, I can instead of delay, I put Z to the power that number of n. Delay will be simulated.
and I get the digital circuit if I know the R L and R G. So, next this kind of mathematics you can practice later on.
Let us then we discuss about the multi tube modeling.
So, next class we will discuss about the multi tube modeling.
So, single tube modeling we derive the signal flow diagram.
You do not have to remember it.
If you understand that things if you able to derive this equation.
then from the equation I can draw the signal flow diagram for a single tube model considering two boundary conditions.
Now, instead of a single tube if I consider that freeze production system is nothing but a multiple tube then what should be the transfer function and how do we implement it.
So, next class we will start there.
Thank you.
of the vocal track is not uniform throughout the tube.
Here a cross sectional area very small.
So, whatever the constriction is made the cross sectional area of the tube along the you can say the x equal to 0 to x equal to L at the left the tube cross sectional area is not uniform ok.
So, instead of a single uniform tube with a with a fixed cross sectional area which is a we have done instead of that.
Now, we want to make the model with a multiple tube of different cross sectional area connected to each other.
So, if I see let us this this kind of things that let us this is the glottis and this is the lips this is the structure of my vocal track.
Now I can say whole vocal track instead of modeling by a single uniform tube can be modeled as a multiple number of uniform tube connected with each other.
So, let us the whole track is modeled by n number of tube with a fixed length, length is fixed, let us the length is L. So, I can say this L k length tube and n number of tube is connected with each other.
So, I can say the vocal track is modeled like this way.
So, I can say L 1 or I initially I can say that whole vocal track can be modeled different number of connected tube or different length also.
So, if I say we will do that then I can say this is the L 1, L 2, L 3, L 4, L 5 number of this is the length of the tube and 5 number of tube is connected to each other.
Or I can consider L 1 equal to L 2 equal to L 3 equal to L 4 equal to L 5 then the length of the tubes are same, but n number of small tube I divided and whose cross sectional area is A 1, A 2, A 3, A 4, A 5 all are not same different cross sectional.
Now, if I consider that then what is the problem?
If I consider that whole the whole tube is a connected tube instead of a single tube.
So, the problem is that I know what will happen when it sound will travel throughout the tube ok.
If it is a single tube I know input and output it is in the tube actually nothing, but a delay I can derive the equation for signal flow equation from the input and output I can find out the transfer function of the tube.
There will be an effect at junction also.
So, the main purpose for multiple tube modeling is that I have to find out what happening at each and every junction of the tube.
So, the cross section let us this one is very small cross sectional area this is wide cross sectional area.
So, what will happen volume velocity and pressure wave equation in this junction what will happen all tube will be connected here this junction.
So, let us I want to know what will happen at k th junction.
So, kth junction is nothing but a kth tube and kth plus 1 tube junction that junction I want to know what will happen.
So, instead of single tube let us consider I have a tube the different different tube are connected with each other with different cross sectional area.
So, I let us the kth junction I taken.
So, this is the kth junction of the tube.
So, this is the k plus 1 tube.
and this is the kth tube this is the junction.
So, here if it is L k then here L this if I see this is a beginning of the kth tube.
So, x equal to 0 and here it is x equal to L k ok.
Here will be another junction.
So, I the let us solve for the single junction this will be replicated at every junction.
So, cross sectional area of this tube is a k this tube is a k plus.
it is nothing but a u k minus l k t and here it is nothing but a u k minus t. Input of this tube here forward wave is nothing but a u k plus 1 t, backward wave in here it is nothing but a u plus u k plus 1.
So, here I have written as a tau k why what do you mean by tau k if it is C this is nothing but a u k plus t minus tau k where tau k is nothing but a L k by C ok.
Here it is k plus 1 t here again it will be this will be nothing but a u k plus 1.
T minus tau k plus 1, where tau k plus 1 is nothing but a tau k plus 1 is nothing but a L k plus 1 divided by C. Backward wave same, I can say the backward wave like this way.
Now, I have to know what happening in the junction.
this junction what is happening what will happen in this junction ok.
So, this junction what will happen some I have to find out some.
So, if you if you see that if this is analogous to the water pipe also suppose there is a pipe water pipe different cross sectional area water pipe are joined together.
So, the water is flowing here some of the water if you this junction.
So, the volume velocity this point is the volume velocity which is injected in the second tube and the volume backward volume velocity in the kth tube is nothing, but a volume velocity which is injected due to the backward wave.
So, I have to find out the expression of the forward wave of the kth plus 1 tube and backward wave at the kth tube.
If I able to find out these two expression then I know.
So, what will happen in the junction I can draw the equivalent signal flow diagram at the junction.
So, my whole purpose is to find out how much forward wave is injected by the kth tube to the kth plus 1 tube and how much backward wave is injected by kth plus 1 tube to the kth tube that I have to find out.
So, I want to know the expression of u k minus t minus T plus tau k this is T plus tau k this one and I want to find out u k plus 1 T 1 u k plus this two expression I want to find out.
Now, what is the what is the what is the problem how do I find out that things ok.
So, how do I find out?
So, let us start that expression how to find out these two equations.
How to find out?
So, I can say that u k plus 1 x t any point u k plus 1 x t is nothing but a u k plus 1 plus t minus.
u k plus 1 minus t. What is x t at x equal to 0?
So, this will be 0 t. u k plus 1 or you can say p pressure wave p k plus 1 0 t is nothing but a z k plus 1 u k plus 1.
1 plus t plus u k plus 1 minus t at x equal to 0 at the k plus 1 tube at x equal to L at the kth tube u k plus u k at L kt end of the kth tube u k l k t is nothing but a u k plus T minus tau k where tau k is l k by C minus u k minus T minus T plus tau k or not.
And p k l k t is nothing but a z k into u k plus T minus tau k plus u k minus T plus tau k. Where Z k plus 1 is nothing but a rho c by a k plus 1 and Z k is nothing but a rho c by a k cross sectional area of the tube is a k.
or not?
So, I am not animation I am not showing the animation.
This is the 2 1 2 3 4 equation I will get.
I know what I have to find out.
I know I have to find out u k plus t plus tau k and u k plus.
T this I have to find out this is the 4 equation I get.
Now if I say this one is equal to this one or not.
The volume velocity which will input to the second tube is nothing but a volume velocity which is exited from the first tube.
So, the volume velocity which is exited from the kth tube will be the volume velocity which is the input of the k plus 1 tube.
So, I can say u kth tube volume output volume velocity is nothing but a u k plus t minus tau k.
minus u k minus t plus tau k which is equal to the volume velocity input of the k plus 1 t. So, it is nothing but a u k plus 1 plus t minus u k plus 1 minus is it ok or not.
Second one is that output pressure of the kth tube will be equivalent to the input pressure of the k plus 1 tube.
So, what is output pressure of the kth tube?
Zk u k plus 1 T minus tau k plus u k minus T plus tau k which will be equivalent to or equal to Zk plus 1 u k plus 1 plus u k plus 1 minus T. These are two equations.
I will get from the condition.
So, I said that if it is the my first tube and it if it is the kth tube and if it is the k plus 1 tube red one is the k plus 1 tube.
So, the volume velocity which is inject at the output of the kth tube will be the equal volume velocity at the input of the red tube.
Similarly, the output pressure of the black tube is equivalent to the output pressure of the red tube that is why I make ok.
If it is that.
Then, can I solve these two equations for these two?
I have to find out u k plus t and u k plus 1 t and u k minus t plus tau k. The amount of expression for the reflected backward wave at the kth tube expression for the forward wave k plus 1 tube.
These two things I have to deduce from these two equations.
Now, if I take this one, then I can say that this using these two equations, I can find out the expression.
I am not deriving, you can derive it and find out the expression.
So, the expression of u k plus 1 plus t will be 2 z k divided by z k plus z k plus 1 u k plus T minus tau k plus z k minus z k plus 1 divided by z k plus 1 u k plus 1 minus T.
And, u k minus T plus tau k will be minus z k plus z k plus 1 divided by z k plus z k plus 1 into u k plus T minus tau k plus 2 z k plus 1 divided by z k plus z k plus plus 1 into u k plus 1 minus t. This is the two expression I will get from these two equations.
Now, just try to simplify these two equations.
So, what I can write that if I write r k is nothing but a z k minus z k plus 1.
1 divided by Z k plus Z k plus 1 Z k minus Z k plus 1 divided by Z k plus Z k minus is nothing but a R k. If this is R k then I can say this expression u k plus 1 u k plus 1 plus t forward wave at the second tube will be or k plus 1 tube will be nothing but a 1 plus R k.
less this is small r k. So, this is 1 plus r k into u k plus t minus tau k plus r k u k minus k plus 1 minus t and u k minus t plus tau k will be equal to minus r k this one this one minus r k.
into u k plus t minus tau k plus 1 minus r k into u k plus 1 minus t. Now, try to draw the diagram at the junction point.
So, I want to draw the diagram at the junction point from these two equations.
Let us try in here only.
So, that would be little bit of equation are there.
So, now what I said I want to know let us this is the junction, this is the 4 point at the junction.
This is nothing but a u k plus 1 plus t and this is going this direction and backward wave is going this direction at the junction.
So, it is nothing but a u k minus t plus tau k. So, signal flow I can say this direction, this is the forward direction and this is the backward direction.
So, this is nothing but a u k plus t minus tau k and this is nothing but a u k plus 1 minus t. So, I can say u k plus or u k plus 1 t this is nothing but a 1 plus r k into so this signal multiply by 1 plus r k and it has to be go a signal from here which has to be added there which is nothing but a multiply by r k or not then I want to know this signal This signal is nothing but here which is there u k plus t minus tau k has to be multiplied by minus r k and this signal u k plus 1 t minus has to be multiplied by 1 minus r k. I get the junction diagram.
So, if you see that this is the junction diagram I have draw in here.
So, once I know these two equation.
I know the junction diagram 1 plus r k 1 minus r k. Then what is r k?
r k is called reflection coefficient.
How it is come?
What is z k?
Rho sheet by a k rho c by a k minus rho c by a k plus 1 cross sectional area of the a kth tube cross sectional area of the k plus 1 tube minus rho c by a k.
plus rho c by a k plus 1.
If I evaluate it, it is nothing but a a k plus 1 minus a k divided by a k plus 1 plus a k or not.
So, this is called that is why R k is called reflection coefficient.
It is nothing but a cross sectional area of k plus 1 tube.
minus cross sectional area of the kth tube divided by the cross sectional area of the k plus 1 tube plus cross sectional area of the kth tube.
So, the diagram so kth tube length is L k so delay is tau k. So, I can say whole diagram so kth tube length is L k. So, delay will be only tau k here also will be delay tau k.
and here is I get the input of the kth tube which is nothing but a u k plus t and u minus k t. Here is the delay of the k plus 1 tube tau k plus 1 and here will be delay of the k plus 1 tube tau k plus 1 and I can get that u k plus 1 plus t minus tau k plus 1 and here I get.
u k plus 1 minus T plus tau k plus 1.
So, this is the complete junction signal flow diagram.
Think about similar kind of junction is repeated instead of k I can say put 1 k varies from 1 to let us n. So, if there is a n number of tube then I can say k varies from 0 to n minus 1 to u varies from 0 to n minus 1 to u.
Now, I just consider the value of what should be the value of R k. The R k is a k plus 1 minus a k divided by a k plus 1 plus a k. Now, what is the maximum value of R k?
What is the maximum value will be?
of r k what is the minimum value of r k if a k is very small compared to a k plus 1 if i neglect a k then r k will be 1 if a k is very very big compared to the a k plus 1 or if a k is much much greater than a k plus 1 then i can say r k will be minus 1.
So, if the cross sectional area of the second tube is larger much larger than the first tube at the junction r k reflection coefficient will be plus 1.
If a k is less a k is a k is much much greater than a k plus 1.
1, then r k is minus 1.
If a k is a k plus 1 is much much greater than a k, then r k is plus 1.
So, this is 1 minus r k. If r k is plus 1, then if you see this signal reflected the backward wave is multiplied by this backward wave, effect of backward wave is multiplied by 0.
if is r k is minus 1 then 1 minus r k is positive.
So, minus 1 2.
So, this is the maximum value of r k will be either plus 1 and minus 1.
So, you can prove it that r k value make maximum value will be plus 1 or minus 1.
Now, suppose I have a kth n number of tube with equal length.
If I consider all tubes are equal length, then what should be the diagram?
So, I said this delay tau k, tau k is equal to tau k plus 1, if all tube length are, so what is tau k?
L k by c, so if all tube length are same, then I can say the tau k is equal to tau k plus 1, all are del x del x del x del x del x.
So, delay circuit will be same.
So, it is nothing but a delay, delay will be same, same delay will be happen.
Now, if it is that then I can say let us tau is equal to sampling period T 1, z to the power minus 1 is one sample delay, what is the delay?
If it is 8 kilohertz then what sampling period 1 by 8 kilohertz is the sampling period.
So, sampling period delay will be happen, let the tau T 1.
sampling period is equal to tau.
So, this is one sample delay one sample delay in here.
So, I can say this is replaced by z to the power minus 1.
So, if it is tau k is the delay.
So, tau k delay is replaced by z to the power minus 1 and tau tau tau tau is tau is the tau k is equal to tau k plus 1 is equal to tau and this tau is equal nothing but a sampling period is equal to sampling period.
So, in that case I can say the signal is one sample delay that is z to the power minus 1.
Now, considering the boundary condition I can derive the complete transfer function of this tube model in z domain then I can implement it.
So, next class what I want to do I want to derive the total vocal chord transfer function for a n such tube model n such tube model.
So, instead of you can say the single tube, I consider multiple tube of different cross sectional area are conjuncted with each other.
Let there is a n number of tube, then I derive the signal flow diagram for the single junction, the same junction will be repeated for n minus.
So, if there is a n tube, n minus 1 junction will be there.
So, n minus 1 junction will be there in the tube, this will be repeated.
Then I can say the delay can be simply implemented by sampling delay.
So, if I replace this tau k delay by z to the power minus 1 sample delay, then I have to find out the whole z domain equation of this vocal technos function.
So, next class I will try to do that.
Thank you.
So, last class we are discussing about the zero crossing.
So, we are saying that suppose I have a simple sinusoidal simple sinusoidal.
So, every cycle every cycle a simple cytosine channel cross the 0 line 2 times and if it is DC shifted, let us correct the DC shift then find out the 0 crossing.
2 times it cross the 0, so 2 time per cycle ok.
So, for every cycles it cross the 0 line 2 times.
Now, if the sampling frequency is let us F s and the cycle that fundamental frequency of what this signal frequency is F 0.
So, for every cycle it cross the 0 line 2 time.
So, sampling rate F s. So, if how many cycles are there in per sample?
So, F s samples are there by F 0 sample per cycle.
So, for every cycle.
how many samples are there.
So, if F s is the number of sample and F 0 is the frequency.
So, F s by F 0 sample will be there per cycle which I have discussed already.
So, two time per cycle.
So, every cycle how many samples are there F s by F 0 every cycle.
So, cycles is equal to F s by F 0 sample.
So, if I convert this to number of 0 crossing per sample.
So, I can say 2 into it will be cycle convert to sample.
So, it will be F 0 by F s because cycle is 2 by cycle 2 pass cycle.
So, it is nothing but a 2 by F s by F 0.
So, it is nothing but a 2 F 0 by F s number of 0 crossing.
per sample.
So, I can say for a pure sinusoidal the number of zero crossing per sample is 2 f 0 by f s. So, suppose I said find out the number of zero crossing of a sine wave for 80 sample or for m sample.
So, I can say the number of zero crossing for M sample is nothing but a 2 into F 0 divided by F s into M is clear.
So, now suppose I have a signal 1 kilohertz signal F 0 is equal to pure tone of 1 kilohertz sampled at F s 10 kilohertz.
If I say find out the number of zero crossing for 40 or 400 sample.
How many times signal cross the 0 line for 400 sample?
So, I can say it is nothing but a Z 400 is equal to nothing but a 2 into F 0 by F s into 400.
So, I can say 2 into 1 kilohertz means 10 to the power 3 divided by 10 into 10 to the power 3 into 400 cancel.
So, it is nothing but a 80.
So, 0 crossing for 400 samples is 80 number even instead of 400 sample I said how many time signal will cross the 0 line for 30 millisecond 30 millisecond in a 30 millisecond signal how many time signal cross the 0 line.
So, if we say F s is 1 kilohertz that means, 1 millisecond has 1 k sample or 10 k sample.
So, 1 millisecond has 10 sample.
So, 30 millisecond has 300 sample.
So, instead of 400, I can say 2 into 1 k divided by 10 k into 360 number.
So, I can find out the number of zero crossing.
Okay.
Now, Now, instead of sine wave let us I have a speech signal.
So, it is not a I cannot say two times per cycle.
So, I have a R b signal I do not know number of cycles which is the period I do not know anything there is a signal only.
I want to know how many times signal cross the zero line for a 40 millisecond.
segment or of a 20 millisecond segment for one window.
So, my problem is that I have to find out how many times signal cross the zero line for 20 millisecond I take a window.
So, that is why it is called short term zero crossing rate.
If I want to calculate how many times signal cross the zero line entire signal that can also I calculate, but that will be not used because a signal which is time varying.
So, this may be voice, this may be silence, this may be noise.
So, all kinds of steps signals are there.
If I want to know the which part is voice, which part is noise.
So, I have to instead of taking the whole signal at a time, I have to take a small window.
Same as calculation of energy that is why you call short term zero crossing rate.
So, once I make a short term, let us 20 millisecond window.
I want to find out how many times signal will cross the 0 line.
Here my formula will not work because I do not know where the cycle number of cycle F 0 I do not know, F s I know, I know only F s sampling frequency I know, I have sample the signal something else.
Now, let us this is an x n is a signal first I explain it then I put the generalized formula.
So, this is the first window.
this is the first window and signal is x n. So, x n is 20 millisecond signal if f s is equal to 8 kilohertz then how many sample will be there in 20 millisecond 10 millisecond 80 sample.
So, I can say there will be a 160 sample value.
So, x n has an 160 value if it is so if it is start from 0 then it will be x 159.
Now, I want to find out how many times signal cross the 0 line.
So, if I say if I generally drawn suppose those are the sample.
So, when the 0 crossing will be happened this is a sample once a signal sample will come this side.
So, this is the positive sample this is the negative sample.
So, there will be a 0 crossing.
Similarly, there is a negative sample negative sample then once it is a positive sample then there will be a 0 crossing.
So, I can say the zero crossing only happen if the signal value signal or sample sample sign in change positive to negative sign.
So, every time when a previous sample if it is positive next sample is negative zero crossing occur.
Previous sample is negative next sample is positive zero crossing occur.
So, I can say let us I compare where the.
So, there is a zero crossing will be occur in between two sample.
So, within this two sample I have to find out whether there is a zero crossing occur or not.
So, how do I find out?
I have to check within this two sample whether the sample value change the sign or not.
So, I can check let us this is x 0 and this is x 1.
So, what I define let instead of x 0 x 1 let us write it 1 1 minus 1 minus 1.
So, I can say if x n is greater than 0 then let us I define a function S n g of x n will be 1 or or else else if else or or you can write or S n g x of n equal to minus 1 if x of n is less than 0.
So, if x of n is less than 0 then the value of S n g of x n is minus 1 and this is 1.
So, if I see this sample this is 1, this is 1, this is minus 1, minus 1, minus 1, 1 ok. Now, if I say so I have to check 2 sample at a time I have to check 2 sample at a time.
So, I can say if this minus this if both are 1.
So, 1 minus 1 is equal to 0.
If the sign is changed then only I want one count.
So, I can write down a function that Z n less than 0 crossing count of 0 crossing is nothing, but a change of sign S n g of x.
So, sample 1 so that means, x of n plus 1 or if I write then minus x of n minus 1 previous sample sin of so I will use the separate side.
So, sin s n g x n n minus s n g of x of n minus 1 previous sample then take the mod give me the every time.
So, if I take the mod of this function what will give?
this is plus 1.
So, this in this case this is minus 1.
So, let us this case this case I have taken also come in here.
So, this case so x 3 minus and I take x 2.
So, I taking the x 3 and x 2.
So, this is x 3.
So, if it is x 3 x 3 is negative sample.
So, minus 1 minus x 2 is positive sample.
1 minus 1 then take the mod then the value will be 2.
If it is 1 and 2 value of 2 second sample is positive.
So, 1 value of first sample is positive equal to 1 take mod 0.
So, if I take this function and check for all sample take the sum.
So, every time signal cross the 0 line I get the value of 2.
So, what I want?
I want number of 0 crossing through the that window let us this is the L root 20 millisecond.
So, I can say this will be 1 by 2 has to be normalized because 0 crossing is number 1 number 2.
So, instead of number 1 every time in this function I get value 2.
So, 2 has to be normalized.
Now, if I want to normalize with respect to window length, then I again normalize with L. This is for first window.
So, same thing will happen for any window throughout the signal.
So, generalized formula for calculating the zero crossing rate is this one.
And this is the block diagram.
First signal pass through the minus 1 and 1, I make it, then take the difference.
take the mod then I pass through the window and get the.
So, what I get for every window I get a z value.
So, for the window number 1 I get a z 1 for window number 2 I get a z 2 for window number 3 I get a z 3.
So, how many if there is a 100 frame per second.
So, I can get 100 z value.
So, instead of fs I can get 100 points of z value ok.
So, fs is 1 second.
the 1 second is divided into 100 point.
So, now sampling frequency come down to the instead of F s it is 100 sampling rate the frame rate divided that sampling frequency.
So, I get a 1 value here 1 value here that way 100 value I get.
So, 100 z value I get then if I plot those 100 z value.
So, if the signal is sibilant or if the fricative So, if I see the example, if the sibilant signal, so number of zero crossing will be much high.
So, z corresponding window z value will be very high.
If it is signal is voice, signal is voice kind of signal, number of zero crossing will be less.
So, z value will be low.
So, depending on the z value, I can say whether this signal is sibilant or this signal is silent.
The problem is that even though the signal is non-sibling let silence, but there is a simple noise is there then also I can get the zero crossing rate very high or less there is a 50 hertz frequency fine the line frequency disturbance then also I get the zero crossing rate with the like the voice signal.
So, that is why the zero crossing rate is not a you cannot say this is a very rigid parameter.
for detecting the voiced or unvoiced detection, but yes I can do the voiced unvoiced detection using zero crossing rate.
So, normalized zero crossing rate means it is normalized with respect to window length.
So, if it is so I can say normalized zero crossing rate is z is equal to nothing but 1 by 2 L summation of m let us x m sorry mod of S n g of x m minus x of m minus 1 s n g will be there mod.
Now, if I want to put the w in pictures normal value then m will be n minus l plus 1 and here will be n and here will be n minus m. So, I have said that nth window nth window.
equal to 0, n equal to 1, n equal to 3, n equal to 4.
So, I know the which window it is path and for each window I calculate the normalized zero crossing rate with respect to 2 L, here is the L is the length of the window.
So, let us I have a signal, let us this same see this example for a 1 kilohertz sine wave as a input using 40 millisecond window length with various value of sampling frequency.
we get the following, we get the same value of Z m. So, window length is 320.
So, if we know that Z 1 is nothing but a 2 into F 0 by F s and if it is multiply for particular 40 millisecond, then I know how many sample will be there in 40 millisecond and I can find out the Z value.
If it is C, the Z value is same, Z m is same.
but Z 1 is different.
Per cycle for per sample the number of 0 cosine per sample is different, but number of 0 cosine for a particular number of sample is same for particular number of time sorry particular number of time is same.
So, this is I can say Z m is independent of or I can say the Z m is independent of sampling frequency that is called.
normalize zero crossing rate.
Then there is another parameter we said time domain parameter is called auto correlation coefficient.
The details I will discuss during LPC analysis and F 0 analysis, but I just give you a hints what is auto correlation that idea.
So, what is a correlation?
You know suppose I want to find out the correlation between these two things that is nothing, but a similarity.
between the two object is called correlation, similarity between these two object.
If two object are similar then I can the similarity is similarity I have to measure the degree of similarity.
So, there is a requirement of some parameter with respect to which I can find out the degree of similarity.
So, suppose it is a digital signal x n another digital signal y n I have to find out the similarity between this signal and this signal.
So, what I will do for every sample similarity of the whole signal.
So, similarity number 1 or 0 I have to find take the one sample of this signal, take the first sample of this signal, take the product, then take the sum.
So, it is nothing but a product x n multiplied by y n. Now, if I find out the similarity of degree 1 or 1.
So, what I will do?
I will shift the one signal by one sample.
So, that is the correlation.
So, if it is autocorrelation, then y n is equal to x n. It is similarity between the signal itself.
So, in that case, the r 0 first coefficient is nothing but a x n square.
Each sample has to be square.
and then sum up.
So, it is nothing but a energy T 0.
Similarly, if it is R 1, so the signal is same signal is shifted by 1 then multiply.
So, x 1 the x 0 will be multiply with next x 1 here x 0 is not x 1 x 0 x 1 is treated as a 0 and last sample will be multiply with the 0 because if I take the outside the vicinity of the window signal is 0.
1, then I get a value, then I get a value r 2, then I get a value of r 3 just shifted.
So, if I shifted it, if you think in a sine wave manner, let this is a sample, this is a sample, this is a sample, this is a sample, this is a sample, this is a sample, again sine wave 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3.
Now, once I multiply this with this, I get with this, this with this, this with this and add it.
Similarities maximum I get E 0.
Once I shifted the sample with once, so next time I extract this sample.
Then I multiply this with this, this with this, this with this and this with this, this with this and take the sum.
Now, if you see since there is a signals are not similar not in phase, you can say the signal is not in phase.
So, in that case the similarity becomes reduce again it will multiply with the same signal when it will come in here.
So, after complete one period again the signal once this same kind of similar kind of signal will multiply each other.
So, summation will be increases.
So, I can say r 0, r 1, r 2, r 3 if I calculate those r value with respect to different l.
So, again I get the maximum value at r l where l represent the time of or f t or l is equal to nothing but a length of the signal where it is complete period it has a complete period.
So, l is nothing but a t complete period.
So, if we plot the signal I am not coming this details I will cover it will look like this.
So, if you see the red color is the maximum.
So, maximum occur.
at red color.
So, what is the definition of a fundamental frequency?
Signal repeat itself.
So, when it will be repeat?
If the sample value was similar.
So, I can say the signal repeated in here, signal repeated in here, signal repeated in here.
So, this is nothing but a f 0, this is nothing but a twice f 0, this is nothing but a thrice f 0.
So, that can be used to calculate the fundamental frequency of the signal.
So, that is auto correlation parameter for time domain processing.
Details again I will discuss during the F 0 extraction.
Next is called average magnitude difference function A M D F. Instead of taking the multiplication of the signal, I just take the mod, magnitude difference mod, mod of the magnitude difference.
So, suppose I have a X 1 take the x 0 minus x 0 take the mod.
Then instead of x 1 x 0 take let us x k and n plus k. So, I can say n equal to 0 to capital N minus 1 minus k which is nothing but a d k. So, I can say difference number 1.
So, k equal to let us 0.
So, I take the difference between the x 0, I take the difference of first sample with all other sample and their sum.
Then I have to show there is n number of sample.
So, I can normalized it 1 by n. So, I take n number of sample signal.
Then, take the difference.
So, this is there is a n number of signal in my signal and take the first sample and take collect the difference of the first sample with other sample and take the sum and divided by n. Now, see the philosophy.
If this is my x 0, let us my x 0 is in here.
So, I take the x 1.
take the difference of x 1 is in here let us x 1 value is here.
So, if I if I say x 1 x 2 x 3 I take the differences.
So, differences will be minima when the value of this one this x 0 which matched with similar kind of period will come.
If you see if we take the plot I take this first sample.
I take this first sample, take the difference between this sample, this sample, this sample, this sample, this sample, this sample, this sample, and sum.
Then take this sample, then take this sample with difference of this sample, this sample difference of this sample, this sample difference of this sample.
So, x 0 minus x of n which n varies from 0 to n minus 1 k. So, k equal to 0 means x x x 0 minus x 0.
x 0 minus x 1, x 0 minus x 2, x 0 minus x 3, I am taking it and take the sum.
Then I take x 1 minus x 0, x 1 minus x 2, x 1 minus x 3, x 1 minus x 3 and take the sum.
So, if I do that way, when it will be minimum?
When I take the difference from here, same signal and the same signal.
So, x 0 minus x 0.
So, this is nothing but will look like a x 0 although it is not x l. So, it is x k when x k minus x 0 is equal to 0 then the difference will be minimum almost 0.
So, I can say the definition of a phase is that if the two samples are identical after n delay then n is called period.
So, the if you know that x of n is equal to x of n plus n.
So, x of n after n sample if the same sample is appear then I can call the period of the signal is x n. So, difference will be minima when the signal repeat itself.
So, if I say this kind of plot I will get.
So, first minima will occur at f 0, second minima will occur at twice f 0, third minima occur thrice f 0.
So, details I will discuss that what are the extraction of F 0, what is the drawback of this algorithm or all things.
So, this is called average magnitude difference.
So, all those time domain parameters can be used to detect the speech and suppose I want to detect the speech and non speech.
So, what is the important?
If I not talk suppose I want to develop and feature speaker identification systems.
and I want to find out where the speech event is started and where the speech event is ended.
So, let us I quiet for some time and start recording.
I want to find out the time when I start speaking and when I end speaking, speech and non-speech.
So, beginning of speech interval and ending of a speech interval that I have to detect.
So, how do you detect it?
I have to accurately locate the beginning and end of the speech with a noisy background something will be there.
So, those kind of things will be there.
So, what is the problem?
Suppose there is a some noise and I start the speech with a plausible consonant po to co this kind of consonant.
If you see the occlusion period of paw is nothing but a silence.
So, I do not know where the paw is started.
Because when it start voicing I know here the voicing is started.
So, that is nothing but a paw to next voicing transition, but I do not know where the paw is begin whether it is begin in here or whether it is begin in here I do not know.
Similarly, if there is a some fricative weak fricative like paw.
then also detection of that fricative is very tough.
So, weak plosive, fricative, weak fricative even nozzle suppose you started a nozzle consonant the voicing is started like this and suddenly like this.
So, where exactly it is started it may be coincide with the noise ok.
So, those are the problem in voicing and non voicing detection.
But, using this energy or you can say the average magnitude and zero crossing rate, I can detect the voice beginning and end point of the voicing.
So, what I will see?
If you see this is a log energy separated voice from unvoiced and silence.
So, this is the silence, this is the unvoiced, this is the voiced log energy in dB.
This is the zero crossing, silence, unvoiced and voiced.
Zero crossing for 10 millisecond interval, so I take the window side is 10 millisecond.
So, suppose I can develop an algorithm like this.
This is my energy, so I can get the interval, this is the, this block line is plotted for every 10 millisecond, every 10 millisecond there is a point.
So, I can say I can explain it better here.
So, suppose I have a signal then silence.
So, now, what is this one?
So, what I do?
I take for every 10 millisecond, I find out the average magnitude or I can say that average magnitude a m or I can find out the e m energy.
Okay.
and 0 crossing rate for every 10 millisecond I get that one.
So, if it is 1 second signal if it is 10 millisecond is the frame rate.
So, I can get a 100 frame value.
So, coincide with the signal.
So, I can say this frame corresponding to this energy, this frame corresponding to this energy, this frame corresponding to this energy, this frame corresponding to this so I can get a energy plot like this.
Now, if I have to define a threshold.
So, that if it is within this threshold value then I call it is a silence if it is above the threshold value then I call it is a voice.
So, I normalize the amplitude because you are recording then you say that if I record in high volume then threshold value will be change.
So, what you will do you can normalize the speech signal with respect to some sample you can say that this is the maximum level of So, I get a signal I normalize the amplitude of that whole signal and take find out the threshold value from some previous study and adjust the threshold value to find the voice and unvoice detection.
Similarly, for every 10 millisecond I get a Z m value.
So, if it is noisy so Z m value will be very high.
So, I can get the Z m plot will be look like this again down down down.
So, again I can say the Z m value if it is high above this threshold value.
I can say it is a sibilant below this threshold value I can say it is a voiced or silent.
If there is a silence can also have a high threshold value, but if you see the Z m and energy if I combine then I can say whether it is a silence or sibilant.
Sibilant amplitude will be high at least voicing sibilant there will be some power, but in silence only background noise will be there.
So, power will be reduced.
So, that way I can find out this parameter can be used for voicing and unvoicing detection.
For PDA and VDA, voice detection or PDA can PDA and VDA I discuss later on the pitch detection algorithm and voice detection algorithm.
So, this can be act as a voice detection algorithm, but every PDA is nothing but a VDA.
If I able to find out the pitch, pitch is exist only for voicing signal.
So, I can say VDA PDA is exist only for voice detection.
So, VDA PDA pitch detection algorithm, VDA voice detection algorithm.
So, I will discuss those later on details of when we discussing about the F 0 extraction.
So, time-loan methods is complete.
So, next class I will discuss about the LPC modeling.
Thank you.
So, last class we have discussed about the perception of amplitude or you can say the perception of intensity that is loudness and how how the loudness is converted into dB, what is 0 dB, what is equate loudness curve, what is shown curve that we have discussed.
Today we want to discuss about how human being perceive the frequency.
If you see that we have a pitch, we generally call the pitch of this sound is very high, pitch of this sound is very low, your pitch is very high pitch.
So what is pitch?
So pitch is a perceptual parameter whereas the frequency which is related to the pitch is the physical parameter.
Frequency can be measurable, but pitch is a physiological parameter which is perceptually measurable.
So, this is a perceptual parameter.
So, pitch and frequency are not same.
If I say pitch is a perceptual of the perception of the particular frequency.
If the frequency is not in a pure tone, then the pitch may be different from the frequency like that.
If I give an example you have added that suppose There is a harmonium and there is a guitar, there is a let setar, there is a string, different kind of string instruments are there.
Every instruments are playing the let us the bass sa which is a particular frequency, let us 250 hertz frequency.
But if you perceive the sound, you can easily understand which one, which sound is coming from guitar, which sound coming for setar, which sound is coming from other string instrument.
So that means The perception of frequency is not as that the physical frequency.
So pitch is mainly a perceptual dimension of the frequency and pitch mainly corresponding to the fundamental frequency but not it is one to one corresponds.
Let us we have to interest that human being as suppose human being perceive the frequency.
Yes we perceive the frequency.
How good we perceive the frequency?
That means.
In which scale, how you perceive the frequency?
So suppose I have a x-axis, there is a scale physical frequency in hertz.
Now I want to know if I perceive the frequency, what is my resolution power?
In which scale a human being, normal hearing human being perceive the frequency?
So that scale is called male scale.
What is logarithmic scale?
male scale.
How it is derived?
Now suppose I do a perception test that I varying the frequency of a pure tone signal and playing the signal in a normal audio microphone in a loudspeaker sorry loudspeaker and I told the listeners when you perceive that the frequency is double then raise your hand like that.
amplitude.
So, I can develop a scale on which human being perceive the frequency.
If you see it will come look like this.
So, this scale is called male scale which is a logarithmic scale, ok.
So, I can say the human perception of frequency that I can derive by experiment.
This axis the frequency.
So, I generate a pure tone of different frequency and I generate a pure tone.
Suppose I generate a pure tone of 50 Hz, then I said that you raise your hand when you perceive the frequency is double.
So let us it is come around 100 Hz, then I just 55 Hz all kind of variation I play and he raise in here, raise a hand in here, raise hand in here, like here, then maybe here, then maybe here.
So from that point I can draw a curve and find out that the perception of the human or you have a frequency person or human is not linear.
Initial period may be up to 500 hertz to some 500 hertz its scale is linear, but after that it becomes a non-linear scale ok.
This scale is called male scale.
So, in male scale I can derive I can derive the mathematical equation of this curve and the male scale it will pitch in male there is two equation I can use any one of them.
like 3322 log 10 1 plus f by 1000 or 1127 log e 1 plus f by 700.
So, this equation is actually fitting this curve.
So, this equation is called Peets-Meyle scale, Meyle equation, okay, Peets in Meyle scale.
So, suppose I have f is equal to 2 kilohertz, then I can find out what is the value of the f in Meyle scale.
So, I can put that Peets in Meyle scale.
Let us pitch in male scale, male is equal to 1127 log let us E 1 plus 2 kilohertz 2000 divided by 700.
So, I can find out the male frequency.
So, this is called male scale you can say male scale conversion of the hertz to perception of the frequency.
Next, you have, I have discussed it during that basilar membrane that we perceive that each sensor along the basilar membrane is corresponding to a particular band of frequency.
So that means the ear cannot distinguish the sound within the same band that occur simultaneously.
Suppose a cochlear that along the basilar membrane particular band of frequency is perceived by a one sensor.
So, if within this band if the frequency occur, then I cannot distinguish the difference between the two frequencies.
So, this band is called critical band, critical band.
So, the auditory system can be roughly model as a filter band consists of 25 overlapping band pass filter which is varies from 0 to 20 kilohertz.
So, that band so I can say instead of human auditory systems, I can think about engineering model of some band pass filter.
whose frequency bands are non-linear and 25 overlapping non-linear band pass filter non non-linear bandwidth band pass filter can be completely modeled the human auditory system.
Then bandwidth of each critical band is about 100 hertz ok.
So, signal below 500 hertz it is linear and If it is increased above 500 hertz, it becomes non-linear.
So that bandwidth is defined as a bark.
So one bark is equal to width of a critical band.
So bandwidth in bark scale.
So bark scale is equal to f by 1000 if f 500 hertz, 9 plus 4 log 2 f by 1000 sorry 100 1000 if it is f is greater than 500 hertz.
So, that means, within 500 hertz bandwidths are 100 hertz bandwidth with overlapping if it is 50 percent overlap.
So, that is a band 100 hertz bandwidth then from 50 hertz another 100 hertz bandwidth.
So, up to 500 hertz bandwidth are linear 100 hertz.
After 500 hertz, the bandwidth is non-linear.
So I can find out how many critical band is required to cover the 0 to 20 kilohertz.
So that bandwidth is called Bach scale.
So those are the critical band, pictures of critical band.
And again I will discuss when we think about the MFCC kind of things.
So, Bach scale.
Next, another phenomena is called frequency masking.
So, perception of frequency and another is called masking.
So, what I said the human being has a threshold of hearing.
So, threshold of hearing curve I can say this is the frequency and this is the threshold of hearing.
Now, it is said that presence of a particular tone if some tone is present in here.
So, I cannot perceive if it is this this tone is not present I can perceive this frequency, but since this tone is present and if I have a frequency amplitude of like this I cannot perceive it, it require a amplitude to cross this limit ok.
So, that then that means I can hide this frequency because of presence of this strong tone.
phenomena is called frequency masking and this is utilized in speech coding to hide the coding, hide the noise.
So, suppose the coding generate a noise, if the noise is within this limit then I can say this noise is not perceivable.
So, to hide this noise frequency masking is much more useful.
I am not going details about the frequency masking, there is a lot of details on frequency masking.
So, if you are studying the speech coding, then auditory masking is very important.
Next one is different view of auditory perception.
So, there is a I can say the auditory perception has a two view.
One is called functional view, which is means which means suppose I cannot know what is happening in here.
I cannot do the anatomy and I cannot biological system, I cannot measure.
But you might consider the human head or human auditory system perception is nothing but a black box.
which I discussed in the first class, then I can say I can stimuli the systems.
So, I can excite the system by a known stimulus and then I can measure the physiological behavior coming out from the system.
Like that for the clear the development of shown scale or male scale is the example of functional modeling.
Another one is called structural modeling.
That one the study of physiology.
or anatomy, how various body parts work with emphasis of or emphasize on the process, neural processing of sound.
So, this is another kind of study.
The structural study, I have to analyze a human anatomy, excite the signal, measure the nervous signal, all kind of things can be done which is called structural analysis.
So, I can say the functional analysis like that how human being perceive the frequency in the functional modeling.
I play a different sound and a human being listen the sound.
So, I excited the human perception by external stimulus which is non stimulus and observe the output then can develop try to develop the how human being perceive the frequency that scale that is male scale.
So, that is functional kind of auditory perception.
Second one is that why we have to know the perceptual modeling or how human being perceive the frequency.
So, perceptual effect include the most auditory model, spectral analysis on a non-linear frequency scale, spectral amplitude compression, loudness compression via logarithmic scale.
So, we are not, we are not, you can say that physical loudness is not, physical intensity is not equivalent to the perceptual loudness.
So, there is a logarithmic compression is there.
Decrease sensitivity at lower frequency, you know that lower frequency are very, we are sensitive to the lower frequency, but higher frequency average, that is the bandwidth, critical bandwidth, critical bandwidth is very big.
So, average, so resolution, human resolution of the higher frequency is very rough, I can say roughly approximate.
So, I can say decrease sensitivity at lower frequency and increase sensitivity at, decrease sensitivity at lower frequency or you can say the change of perception of the frequency and lower bandwidth.
is much linear and the upper bandwidth is non-linear.
Then utilization of temporal features and auditory masking of tones.
So, those phenomena can be used in auditory modeling or when we extract the speech parameter from the speech, we have to include this perceptual variation so that the parameter directly represent the human speech percept, what we have done in the inside the ear.
So, that is called perceptual modeling.
So, the different auditory models are available.
Perceptual linear prediction, this is called PLP, only known as PLP.
So, these details I will cover during the linear prediction analysis.
This is called perceptual class linear prediction.
Then, SNP auditory model, lion cochlear model, gamma tone filter bank model or inner ear or inner hair cell model.
So, all are called auditory modeling of human speech processing.
So, let us I just discuss one or two model and then you can study it.
So, one model is that SNP auditory model.
If you see what is auditory model?
So how human being perceive the speech sound I have to implement in auditory model.
If you see there is a so stage 1, stage 2 and stage 3.
So what is stage 1?
What we have done?
We have a series of basilar membrane filter.
So I can say I can develop a.
a basilar membrane filter by a filter bank non-linear filter bank.
So, there is a pre-filtering.
Pre-filtering means since it is a digitized signal.
So, what I can do?
I can develop a pre-filtering after ADC.
So, that high frequency and low frequency signal are cut up and then I pass the signal through a band pass or you can say the chunk of band pass filter which is called basilar membrane or you can say critical band filter.
So, critical band filter band.
So, I have a speech signal, I pass this speech signal, let us forget the pre-filtering, pass this speech signal through a various frequency band filter.
So, each filter output or you can say the critical band filter output give me the response of a basilar membrane filter band each sensor.
Now, I have to know which sensor is firing.
I have to define which, so this is called the hair cell firing.
So this hair cell firing I have to find out which filter is firing based on the collected energy at the output of the each filter band.
So what this, so second stage is called you can say the modeling of hair cell.
So this is called hair cell modeling.
So half wave rectifier rectification for find out the energy then short term.
adaptation, synchrony residence, now rapid AGC, automatic gain control, then I can get the envelope detector mean rate spectrum and synchrony detector synchrony spectrum.
So I get a spectrum how human being perceive frequency at the output of this stage.
So details are here, stage 1, stage 2, stage 3 you can read.
So this is nothing but the idea is that I have a input speech.
I pass through that is a chunk of band pass filter which is actually critical band filter and each filter output is nothing but a sensor response.
So I calculate the response and I have to adjust that firing throughout that you can say the amplitude compression that part has to be done.
So that part I have done and I estimate the firing of the hair cell to perceive the frequency that is called SNP auditory model.
through a chunk of filter.
So, that is 86 cochlear filter bank here it is designed.
86 cochlear filter bank in male or box scale.
Then it is passed to the half wave rectifier to detect the amplitude.
Then AGC automatic gain compression to find out the frequency response of this acoustic signal as per the auditory response of the signal.
human being.
Then there is another model.
So, this is the lion's cochlear.
This I will come later on spectrogram.
Then ensemble interval histogram E I H model.
So, the model of cochlear hair cell transduction.
So, I can say this along the bocellar membrane there is a lot of there is a cochlear hair cell sensors.
Each sensor consists of 10 fiber.
So, that E I H ensemble interval histogram is nothing but a model of cochlear hair cell transduction.
This transduction, this motion how it is transduced this motion to the transduction is done place take place that is model here.
How it is model?
165 channel equal space on a log frequency scale between 150 to 700 hertz 150 channel filter sorry 165 channel filter.
So, each cochlear filter design match neural tuning curve of for CATS minimum phase filter array of level crossing detector that model motion of neural activity transduction of the inner hair cell and then we sum it and get the response.
Details you can also study if it is required then cochlear filter design how it is designed then EHI response overall EHI response that is EHI measure the spatial extent of coherent neural activity across.
of auditory nerve.
So, this kind of auditory models are mainly we use that PLP that we will discuss during the linear perceptual coding LP when we discuss the LPC that time we discuss the PLP details.
Now, why this auditory models are important in human speech perception?
So, non-linear frequency scale.
So, suppose I have a speech signal I extract the parameter in linear frequency scale.
Then physically I am doing is okay that I can extract the physical frequency, but how human being perceive that is important also to incorporate.
So if I want to incorporate that then all this frequency scale of the signal must be non-linear which is logarithmic scale either in male scale or box scale.
And spectral amplitude, dynamic range, timber is an important parameter.
So, spectral amplitude, dynamic range or compression or loudness log.
So, if I see each tone has an amplitude.
Now, perception of that tone, that particular frequency depends on the threshold of hearing.
So, perception of amplitude for all frequency is not same.
I have to go through the equal loudness curve.
So, I can say spectral amplitude compression as per the equal loudness curve I have to do.
So, I can dynamic range or amplitude of the spectrum has to be compressed as per the threshold of hearing.
The hearing sensitivity of the human ear to the amplitude is not same or not equal to all frequency.
So, as per the sensitivity is changing along the frequency.
that sensitivity changing has to be model in spectral envelope also or equal loudness curve.
Log spectrogram integration temporal features.
So, I can say the temporal features is very important in a speech signal.
How the spectral dynamics is changing is also a part of a speech signal, also a features of a speech signal.
So, that is also very important for speech perception.
Timber is one of the examples.
Suppose, I am producing a signal, somebody else is producing a signal, same signal is or same thing suppose that example I have already given that suppose I am singing a song which is follow the same notation, same lyrics, same you can say the duration is also same I exactly copy my guru, but if you see the guru's sound my sound cannot be equal because of complexity of the speech.
So, dynamic of the spectrum is very much important to know the complexity of the speech.
Then what to learn from the auditory model?
If I see Once I say the speech, that if I say segmental and supra-segmental, I can say that speech is not a stationary signal.
It is not a pure tone.
It is a stationary signal.
So it changes along the time.
If I take a short duration, 20 milliseconds, for a, let us say for a phone, and long duration for a speech segment.
So along the time, property of the speech signal is changed.
So, dynamics of the speech signal is changed.
So, I can say 20 millisecond is also the parameter from the 20 millisecond is also in some kind of parameter we can get and from long interval also we can get some kind of parameter which is also important for speech processing.
So, temporal structure is very important for.
So, I can say that speech contain both kind of information not only the segmental information supra segmental information.
across the segment information is very much important.
You can do an experiment.
Suppose you get a speech signal, you record a speech signal and find out the fundamental frequency for this segment.
Let us the fundamental frequency 200 hertz.
Design a filter or you can say that I can let us 0 to 200 hertz, design a 0 to 200 hertz filter, low pass filter, cut the signal.
Again if you play the signal, you still perceive that 200 hertz is the fundamental frequency.
How you got?
That means spectral dynamics told you is the 200 hertz is the fundamental frequency.
So, along the spectrum is also important and you can see the segmental and suprasegmental both information are necessary.
So, dynamic features is also necessary.
The how the spectral dynamics is changed that also is necessary.
So, dynamic features is changed in the importance compression of loudness.
of the scaling of the frequency all are important which is learned from the speech perception.
So, in summary I can say how you perceive the intensity?
Intensity is a physical parameter.
So, how intensity related to the speech loudness is important.
How the frequency which is a physical parameter is related to the perception of the pitch of the signal.
So, human perception of frequency, human perception of loudness.
and their mathematical model will be used in speech processing so that my parameter extraction when I go it should follow the human auditory systems.
So, that is called speech perception.
Thank you.
So, last class we have finished that speech perception that part.
So, let us start with time domain methods in speech processing.
So, here we want to discuss about some methods.
are in time domain methods.
Now, we are not analyzing the frequency of the speech in time domain methods for speech processing and that is used many cases those kind of methods are used ok.
So, now, first of all that one things is that once the speech is digitized and taken into the computer.
So, these are we are saying that digital signal processing the speech signal is now in digital domain.
So, we always denote the speech signal with x of t.
So, that is a digital signal we know the sampling frequency of x n let us is f s ok.
So, now speech if you see the speech is a time varying signal that means, along the time if this is the time axis then speech property has been changed this may be voiced that may be unvoiced then there may be a voice there may be noise then there may be a voice again then there will be a noise like that.
So, speech is not a stationary signal.
So, what I say that if I take this portion of the speech the property is different if I take this portion of the speech property is different ok.
So, speech is changing along the time.
Now, what happened suppose I want to find out the energy of this whole signal.
So, I can easily find out energy E is nothing but a summation of n equal to minus infinity to infinity.
x square of n whole signal whatever the signal is there I can take that whole signal at a time x square n that is the energy.
Now, if I take that energy then if I want to know that this portion is voice.
So, energy of this signal is high this portion is unvoiced energy is low this portion is noise energy is low compared to this this is high this portion again voice it is high.
So, if I want to know that information, if I take the whole signal at a time and find out the energy.
So, it give me the average energy or if I make it average then 1 by I can make the average also.
So, if I make the average, so I can get either total energy or average energy of the whole signal.
So, that information is whole signal energy is ok, but that does not give me any kind of parameter by which I can process or I can use this those parameter.
through some purpose in the speech processing.
So, what we have done instead of doing that whole signal at a time, we try to analyze the signal for a particular window, for a particular signal, for a particular segment.
Now, this segment I take this segment and find out the parameters and move to the next segment, next segment, next segment, then I can get a segment.
So, if this is my FAS.
frequency.
So, rate of sample in 1 second I get F s number of sample.
Now, if I window the signal let us 20 millisecond window.
So, 1 second signal how much frame I will get?
50 frame I will get if I slice the whole signal in a 20 millisecond window.
So, I get the 50 slice.
So, I have a 1 second signal I slice it every 20 millisecond.
So, I get 50 slide.
So, then I can say this is F s by 50.
So, it is F s by 20.
So, instead of F s sampling rate now for every window I get some parameter.
So, parameters are sampled at 20 millisecond per second means 50 some 50 window per second.
So, instead of F s number of sample now I get if each window represent is one sample then I get 50 sample.
Now, the problem is that if I do that things, then what will happen since this boundary in this boundary effect will come in the processing.
So, there may be a this boundary I just this boundary may be fall in a very large signal.
So, that this sample is included this window and this window energy will be less.
So, what I want to know I want to remove this boundary effect also.
So, then what will do?
I may take 20 millisecond window, but I slide the window let us 50 percent overlap.
So, effectively 10 millisecond sheet.
So, I can say frame rate in here is in 1 second then I get 100 frames.
So, if it is frame rate is FR, then I can say that if it is 10 millisecond sliding of the window, I take the window 20 millisecond.
but if I slide it 10 millisecond then I get 100 frame in a second.
So, frame rate is 100 frame per second.
Here sampling frequency I get F s number of sample per second.
Now, if I say for every 10 millisecond I take a point then I get 100 point in 1 second signal.
So, I can say it is down sample the signal.
So, if I want to process the signal.
taking every sample is very difficult because, if it is 8 kilohertz 8 k sample.
So, instead of 8 k sample, let us I divide that whole 1 second signal in a 100 frame and 100 frame for every 10 millisecond, I get a parameter.
Now, slide the window.
So, effectively what I am doing, I am windowing the signal with overlap methods.
So, this is window length, let us let us 20 millisecond and this is frame shift.
10 millisecond.
So, 0 to 20 millisecond I take the signal, I process it, find the parameter, I find out the parameter vector, let us vector a, let us it is x 1 or let us a vector 1.
Then I shift the window with 10 millisecond and again take the 20 millisecond, I find out a 2, a 2 vector.
Then I again shift the 10 millisecond and take 20 millisecond a 3.
So, in that case I will get a 100.
So, if I write like this way a 1, a 2, a 100 data I will get.
Why I take this one?
Why I take 20 millisecond, 10 millisecond?
Why I take this kind of statement or what is the logic behind it?
Now, if you see time speech is an time variant signal.
So, if I say that the time along the time signal change its color.
So, if I want to increase the time resolution, I should analyze the signal for every sample, but that analysis does not provide me any information.
So, what I want?
I want a small window let us 5 to 10 millisecond if I shift it.
So, for 5 to 10 millisecond window very short signal.
So, due to small amount of data, now if you see the pitch, let us I have taken 5 millisecond window.
Now, it may found that within 5 millisecond, may be one or two fundamental period is there.
If it is male voice, then may be 1.5 fundamental period is there.
So, if I analyze it, it is no use.
Now, if I take it.
let us 100 millisecond then what will happen I may lose the transitory portion of a consonant to vowel transition because speech is changing.
So, let us there is a co vast then v o t you know that that conclusion vast v o t transition.
Now, if I take a 100 millisecond my window may fall around here.
So, what is the information which is very important to know this information I lost this information because this information is taken an average with the vowel.
and some part of the consonant.
So, I lose the transitory part.
So, instead of 100 millisecond, so if I small amount signal processing problem, large amount signal I lose the time resolution.
So, what I want?
I want a optimum length of the window, so that it does not effect so much.
So, I can say let us 20 to 25 millisecond of window if I take, then one transitory period roughly 40 millisecond.
to 60 millisecond, maybe even faster speech it may be a 30 millisecond.
So, at least I can ensure that my window length is lower than the transitory part ok.
So, then I can say yes that details signal information we along the time I can find out if I take the window length 20, 25 millisecond.
So, that is why if you say in whole processing of the speech we use 20 to 25 millisecond.
as a window length and shifted the frame by 10 millisecond.
So, that I get 100 frame per second you can shifted it 15 millisecond also, but what will happen for every 15 millisecond I get a vector in here for every 10 millisecond I get a vector for analysis or for I get a parameter vector what kind of parameter I can analyze.
for every 10 millisecond I get a if it is fundamental frequency then also for 10 millisecond I get one pitch parameter.
So, it may contain average of 3 or 4 pitch period inside the 10 millisecond may be 3 or 4 to 5 pitch period is there if it is female voice.
So, now we are framing the speech signal and shifting the window by 10 millisecond.
So, this is the example if this is written here.
So, this is the interval.
1 and then shifting of the frame by 10 millisecond or less 50 percent if it is 20 millisecond window 50 percent overlap means 10 millisecond shifting.
So, I get 100 frame per second I can take 25 millisecond as a window and shifted the frame 10 millisecond that also I get 100 frame per second.
Now, this is the processing part I have discussed.
Now, what What kind of time domain parameters are there?
So, I can say short term energy.
So, for every window I can find out the short term energy of the speech signal.
So, suppose let us application side you can come.
Suppose I have a speech signal there is a voicing, then there is a let us noisy part, then there is a silence part, again there is a voicing part and then again there is a silence part.
Now, suppose some anyhow I want to find out which part is voicing part and which part is unvoiced or silence part, this I want to find out.
So, I want to distinguish between this I want to mark this point, this point and this point that I want to mark.
Now, if in assumption if you say that if I find out the short term energy of the whole speech So, for a let us I take this first this window find out the energy then 50 percent overlap take an window find out the energy E 1 E 2 then take an energy E 3.
So, that way if I find out the energy now if you see since it is a voicing signal the energy will be very high since it is a noisy signal the energy value will be very low if it is a silence energy will be more low.
So, from that short term energy this E value can give me a plot like this that this is may be energy is very high.
So, this is the high high then coming down low then low then again it will go high because of this kind of transition window may take this portion and this portion.
So, it is average out the energy.
So, that is why you get this kind of transitory part also get.
So, from that curve I can find out this up to this point may be the voicing up to this point may be the silence part.
So, that I can easily understand.
So, short term energy is one kind of parameter.
Then short term average magnitude, short time energy or short time average energy or short time average magnitude.
Now, what is the problem in energy?
When I calculate energy, the signal X n has to be square up.
So, every sample value let us if it is a 16 bit speech sample.
So, let us the value is come around 28000 for a one sample.
So, it is 32000 plus and 32000 minus if it is maximum possible.
Now, if it is 28000 if you square it, the number will be integer number will be very high.
So, instead of squaring the signal, what I can do?
I can find out the short term average energy, short term average magnitude energy.
if it is x n is my signal.
So, magnitude is mod of x n is the magnitude and then I can add it take the average take the sum value and divided by the number of sample I get the average magnitude.
So, that I can use as a parameter for this course this instead of E 1.
So, that kind I mathematical details I am coming.
So, that I can use it then short time 0 crossing if you see a let us come in here.
I if you see I do not know whether there is a time signal is there or not I do not have any signal.
Now, if you see any signal any signal if you if you see that this portion lot of time signal is cross the 0 line this portion may be the number of 0.
So, this is a 0 line 0 amplitude line.
So, 0 line crossing will number within a particular window will compared to this.
So, short time zero crossing can be used to find out whether it is a voice signal or it is a noisy signal.
So, short term energy is short term zero crossing can be used.
So, the number of zero crossing can be a one parameter to extract the number of zero crossing can be a time domain parameter.
So, this is time domain parameter I have to extract the for per frame extract the number of zero crossing.
Then short time autocorrelation I come then short time average magnitude difference those are the parameter I can use from the speech signal and those every parameter has its own purpose also.
Now, I just come to that one by one short time energy mathematics.
So, energy E of a signal which is n is equal to minus infinity to infinity x of n.
square is the energy.
So, this is the whole signal energy long term definition.
Now, if I take the long term definition let us this is the my signal and if I take the whole energy at a time or this is my signal and I take the whole energy at a time no use, but I do that with that parameter because I want to find out where voice signal, un voice signal, silence.
So, if I take the whole signal at a time find out the energy.
I get a value which is energy value of that speech signal, but I can I infer any information from that energy value.
So, there is no use if I use whole signal at a time.
So, what I will do instead of taking whole signal at a time I will multiply the signal this signal e for a particular window.
So, I cut the signal particular window here if I cut the signal I take the signal of particular window.
So, what I am doing it?
So, there is a infinite length signal, I place a window over the signal.
So, this is L equal to 0 to L minus 1 which is W n. So, I can say short time energy in vicinity of n cap n. So, T x is equal to x square value and omega n is equal to 1.
if it is within l equal to less n equal to 0 to l minus 1 ok else it is 0.
So, I cut the signal from the long signal I cut a window and take the energy ok.
So, if I say that find out the short term energy first I record a record your let us record your name in a let us F s is equal to F s is equal to 16 kilohertz and 16 bit mono.
Record your record your name in computer.
So, put the microphone connect to the computer record your name.
Once you let your name consist of 3 second signal or let us 5 second signal long name 5 second signal it is consist of 5 second speech signal.
So, that means 16 kilohertz sample 16 k sample per second.
So, I can get 16 k into 5 80 k sample.
So, I have a 80 k sample this side.
I take a window of 20 millisecond.
So, I take the sample number 0.
So, if it is F s is 16 kilohertz.
then how many sample will be there in 20 millisecond?
In 1 second there will be a 16 k sample.
So, in 1 millisecond 16 sample.
So, 120 millisecond I can get 320 sample.
So, there is a 320 sample in 20 millisecond.
I have a take the first frame 0 to 320 and since I am multiplying a window function with amplitude 1.
So, that means, from take every sample.
So, let us take this is x n. So, I take x 0, then I take some x equal let us k equal to 0 to 320 minus 1.
So, n l is equal to 320 l minus 1 x of k x square of k equal to u 1.
So, first frame power I get, then I shifted this frame.
by 10 millisecond that means, 10 millisecond means 320 divided by 2.
So, that means, 160 sample.
So, I take that another window from 160 sample to here.
So, this is 0 to 319 sample.
So, this is 160 sample to another.
So, here will be 319 plus 160.
So, I get take that sample.
and find out E2.
Then that way I can show if it is 10 millisecond shifting, so I get 100 frame per second.
So, in 5 second I will get 500 frame.
So, I can get E1, E2, E3 dot dot dot dot E500.
So, I get 500 short term energy data point.
Now, if I told you that this diagram.
So, what is the diagram?
Here is x n, this is f s. If it is energy, then this function is square.
So, if it is short term energy, then I can find out let us this is my signal x n whose sampling frequency is f s. Operator is x of so I can say square.
Where is the operator signal square?
I take the signal square.
Then, I pass the signal.
So, all signal is every sample is square rate is still F s. Now, once I pass through the window W n, after the window my rate is F s by R. R is the shifting time.
If it is 10 millisecond, it is 10 millisecond.
So, if it is for every 10 millisecond I get one sample you can say that one data.
So, I can say here I get E n which is nothing but a for every 10 if it is 10 millisecond shifting.
So, 100 frame 100 per second earlier it is F s let us it is 1 F s per F s number of sample per second instead of F s number of sample.
I get 100 number of sample per second.
So, I get E n value E n is equal to 1 2 dot 100 for 1 second.
Here, F s sampling sample 1 2 up to F s F s number of sample or not.
So, this is called I can say that short term energy.
Now, if I instead of energy, I can say that I can replace this box same box by only magnitude again it is F s again if I put a window W n I get F s by R that is M n. So, instead of squaring the signal so M n is nothing but a let us k equal to 0 to L minus 1 that is within the vicinity of the window length you are taking x of M.
let us x of k mod into W n minus k, where n is the here n is the starting window number of window.
So, if it is first window n value equal to 0, if it is second window n value is equal to 160, shifting is 160 sample, if it is third window n value will be starting window of the window n v.
3 20 fourth window starting of the window will be what 3 20 plus 60.
So, I can get.
So, for every window I get 1 m n ok.
So, then I get m n. So, instead of I can get E n I can get m n. E n is the short term energy m n is the average magnitude ok average magnitude.
it is sorry it is a sum of magnitude if I want to make it average 1 by put 1 by L here.
So, I can normalize it also 1 by L L number of sample are there.
So, I can 1 by L I get the average.
So, average magnitude.
So, using this to see that.
So, this is some plot of of those two parameter you can extract after recording your name extract that n. So, I give you the.
problem.
So, problem is you record your name in 16 bit 16 kilohertz and 16 bit 16 kilohertz and mono record your name using any you can use cool edit you can use path record it.
Then find out E n and M n value of E n and M n E n in the in the in the rate of E n and 100 frame per second and 20 millisecond is the window length.
Take 20 millisecond window length and find out the 100 frames of frame shift is 10 millisecond.
Find out the E n and M n. Then plot the three signal.
One is your first recorded signal, then plot it E n, then plot M n. So, for recorded signal, there are lot of samples will be there.
For E n, for one second I get 10 sample value.
For M n also for 1 second I get 10 sample value.
Now, you see whether you able to find out the voice zone using E n and M n or not.
So, may be if it is voice zone E n value will be high if it is unvoiced or sibilant E n may be if it is noisy unvoiced amplitude may not be that much of fall amplitude may rise somewhere and then again voicing zone it may rise.
Sometime if it is voice bar like this, so I do not know whether it is a voice bar and whether it is a noise.
So for that purpose we use another parameter, but at least using EN I can find out where the speech signal has high energy, where it is there is no energy that I can find out.
So this can be used as a voice detection.
You plot it and see it how it is behave like.
then you can get a real exposure.
Now, another parameter is called zero crossing.
If you see zero crossing yes is an zero crossing if it is a sine wave the sine wave.
So, how many time signal crosses the zero line?
So, it is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 1, 2 if it is period.
So, if it is I start from 1 then 1, 2 then this point is part of the next period.
So, I can say if it is a pure sine wave then 2 number of zero crossing per cycle per cycles 2 number of zero crossing.
Now, what will happen if you say sometime you may say that I have recorded the signal and this is my 0 line 0 amplitude line by my sine wave in here, which never crosses the 0 line.
That means, there is a 0 line, but the sine wave is dc shifted dc shifted means 0 there is a sine wave.
during the recording there is a DC shift in above that is why 0 line shifted to here 0 line is DC line.
So, if it is DC shifted what I can do either I can pass the signal through a low pass filter or I can take the average and subtract it.
So, first normalize the DC shift of the signal then find out the 0 cosine.
Now, ok just come to the calculation then derive that equation then find out the parameter.
Now, if we see that if it is a pure sine wave two number of 0 crossing per cycle.
Now, if the sampling frequency of this sine wave is F s and the fundamental frequency is F 0 that means, length of the period is 1 by F 0 then I can say.
F s by F 0 number of F s by F 0 sample per cycle.
So, how many sample will be there in per cycle F s by F 0.
So, if it is a 8 kilohertz sampling frequency and I have a 200 hertz F 0, then how many samples will be there in one cycle 8 k divided by 200 hertz.
So, 40 sample.
So, this is number of sample or I can say sample per cycle.
Now, if you see 2 number of 0 crossing per cycle.
So, number of 0 crossing Z 1 is equal to 2 crossing per cycle into cycle pass sample this is.
sample per cycle.
So, cycle per sample is nothing but a F 0 by F s. So, I can say twice F 0 by F s number of zero crossing per sample.
So, if I want to find out find out the number of zero crossing of 80 sample.
So, let us m sample then Z 1 is nothing but a 2 f 0 by f s into m. So, next class we try to derive the generalized formula how do I find out the zero crossing for non periodic signal or you can say the for speech signal or the periodicity quasi periodic signal.
So, for there how do I find out or even non-periodic signal, how do I find out the number of 0 crossing.
Thank you.
So, we are describing the place of articulation.
So, better if I show you the pictures, let us show you this picture.
Can you tell me which is the place of articulation?
It is written.
If you see, The place of articulation back of the tongue touches the back cavity, this is velar region.
So velar region it is touches, so it is place of articulation is velar.
Now vocal cords are open, so I can say it is a unvoiced, unvoiced velar, unvoiced velar.
What is the unvoiced velar sound symbol?
If you see the IPA chart, it is co.
So, there is another variety that can be vocal chord can be closed.
If you see here, place of constriction is same, but during the constriction vocal chord is also closed.
So, if the vocal chord is closed, then I call it is a voiced part of the valence.
So, it is go.
Now, if you see physically that if a constriction is happen in a tube and back of the tongue there is a air pressure is building up.
Here the air pressure is building up when the constriction is happen.
Now, if the air pressure is building up then suddenly it wants to burst.
So, that is why we call it is a plosive sound.
Now during that the the the the plosive, so there is a two kinds of movement.
If you see here articulator has to be released.
If it is released then a plosive will be happen.
Now if you see any consonant we cannot produce a single consonant alone because during the construction production of the core.
is completely closed, vocal cord is open, so that means no signal is coming out from the mouth.
Then how do you know it is a co?
So if you see, we said none of the consonant can be produced single.
It has to be produced with a vowel.
So I can say co-m-a-ca, I can say produce.
Think about the production sequence.
If I want to produce the ka during the ko, the back of the tongue touches the velar position and it is totally closed, cavity is totally closed.
Then suddenly it has to be burst to open, when the cavity will be, the constriction will be open, then there will be a burst sound and it will release.
So if I see the sound plane, I will show you in the wave diagram also, acoustic signal.
it is silence, no signal.
Suddenly there will be a burst.
Then the burst is happened.
So this vocal, the tube constriction is released.
But I have to produce a.
So there is a requirement, the vocal cord has to be closed.
To production of a, I require vocal cord has to be closed.
So if I want to close the vocal cords.
So, there is a synchronization problem between the articulator close and release and vocal chord close and release.
So, there will be a time gap.
So, if I say state diagram, let us here vocal chord articulator is closed.
So, velar portion is closed means articulator is closed.
So, articulator is closed, no signal.
Let us this is the articulator open position, this is closed position, this is articulator.
Now, this is vocal cords or glottis.
This is closed position, this is open position and this is closed position, closed this is vocal cord.
Now, articulator is closed during the production of co, I want to produce ca.
So, during the co period, articulator is closed.
Then suddenly, it is want to open.
So the opening is not drastically fall out.
So it is open and then it has to be produced vowel a tongue has to move to produce the vowel a.
So let us the articulator is closed in here like this way.
So let us this is this is the not approximate like this this point articulator is completely open this point.
Now vocal chord is vocal chord is open during the production of the co.
So this period vocal chord is open.
Now once it want to produce a it has to be closed vocal chord has to be closed.
So vocal chord let us vocal chord close in here want to close in here and then start closing in here.
and then complete a will be produced in here.
Let complete a position tongue move in here.
So if I see this point burst is occur, this silence then burst is occur.
Then articulately is not completely open and it is not exactly a.
So there will be a although the vocal cord is also not open vocal cord is open here not close.
So vocal cord is closed here.
So, vibration is start from here.
So, let this vibration is start and here I reach the vowel a. I can show you one picture.
Let us come here.
If you see this picture, so during the production the articulator is closed, no sound, vocal cords is open.
Articulator is closed, vocal cord is open.
So, this period we call occlusion.
Now articulator is suddenly released, there is a burst is occur, but articulator released and sudden sound is come and articulator try to move to position of the produce the vowel a.
Now if you see, same time glottis may not be closed.
So, there is no voice sound.
So, there is a voice gradual gap between the articulator close, articulator open and vocal cord close.
So, there is a settling time.
That is called voiced on set time, V O T voiced on set time.
So, then there will be a transitory part of the vowel, then the steady state vowel will be reached.
So, here if you see totally unvoiced, totally nothing, no signal is there occlusion, then there is a burst, then there is a gap between the articulator opening and vocal cord closing.
So, there is called VOT, voice onset time.
During this period, vocal cord may produce an aspiration sound, then it is called aspirated sound.
If it is aspiration is not there, we call unaspirated VOT.
So, this VOT is called VOT.
V o t might be aspirated or may be unaspirated.
So, depending on the whether it is aspirated or unaspirated, we can say we have a four varieties of velar sound ka, then kha, then gha and gha.
So, upper H, this H is aspiration.
symbol for aspiration as per the IPA notation.
If aspiration is voiced, then we call voiced aspiration.
If the aspiration is unvoiced, then we call unvoiced aspiration.
So, I have a velar sound, four varieties, ka, aspiration, kha, ga and gha.
All are plosive or stop plosive.
is velar, kha is velar, gha is velar, gha is velar.
Only difference is the manner of articulation.
If I say kha is unvoiced, unaspirated.
During the production of the kha, the back of the tongue touches the velar position, but vocal cord is open.
So, there is no voicing during the occlusion.
That is why it is called unvoiced.
Since VOT does not carry any aspiration, then it is called unaspirated sound.
So, unvoiced unaspirated velar plosive.
This is the explanation of co, we write this way to put two slash line to produce to identify the different sound.
This is the symbol for writing the also, any consonant or consonant.
any IPA notation sound.
So, if it is co, once I write co, then and there I know what its property.
What is the property?
It is a unvoiced, unaspirated, velar plosive.
Is it okay?
Unvoiced, unaspirated, velar plosive.
So, if I start from this language, mainly in Indian language, If I give the example, if you see if it is a vocal cords is look like this, if you see that this is my upper cavity and this is my lower cavity, this is my lower cavity and this is velum.
If it is upper cavity, upper cavity bilabial, dental, alveolar, post alveolar, palatal, Now, if I come from this side, let us say, palatal, postalveolar, alveolar, then dental, bilabial, labial, depending on that way, if you see in most of the Bengali language, Bengali, Hindi, Most of the Indian language, they will have ka, ka, ka, ga, ga.
So we start from here, they will have some, they will have consonants, ka, ka, ga, ga.
So difference is unvoiced, unaspirated, unvoiced, aspirated, voiced, unaspirated, voiced, aspirated, ka, ka, ga, ga.
Listen.
There is a nozzle stop.
So that is velar nozzle.
If that nozzle is produced, that we call velar nozzle.
So then there will be nozzle sound which is velar nozzle.
I just pervert the symbol of the velar nozzle.
I can go to the IPA chart and find out the symbols for the velar nozzle.
If I say the velar nozzle, it will look like not callback.
It will be velar nazar not curl back.
It will be look like this.
This is velar nazar.
So velar nazar.
Then after the velar, we have forget about the ch, I will, affricates I will come later on.
That is ch, ch, j, j will come later on.
So then we have a ta.
Rectoflex is the most alveolar to palatal region is the rectoflex.
So tip of the tongue back and touches the upper cavity that is called retroflex sound.
If I come to the animation, this is the retroflex sound and retroflex also have toh, toh, doh, doh.
What is there?
This is the retroflex sound.
And .
writing ta is to but it is called this bottom up is a call back that is a symbol of recto flex symbol of recto flex.
So it is nothing but a ta unvoiced unaspirated recto flex unvoiced aspirated recto flex voiced unaspirated recto flex voiced aspirated recto flex ta ta da ta.
So depending on the place and manner.
I am writing the symbol okay.
Then if it is retroflex, retroflex no, I can write retroflex no in here which is nothing but a n but call back retroflex no.
Then after retroflex, we have a dental sound ta ta da da.
So, we have a ta ta.
Bengali, Hindi, all Indian language, unvoiced, unaspirated, unvoiced, aspirated, voiced, unaspirated, voiced, aspirated.
This is velar, this is retroflex, this is dental or alveolar.
Then we have a pa pa bo po unvoiced unaspirated unvoiced aspirated unvoiced unaspirated unvoiced aspirated bilabial labial ok so this is the stop consonant if you see in Bengali language or Hindi language All stop consonants are exist and all have four varieties.
In the most of the Indian languages, there are four varieties 1, 2, 3, 4.
Again, there is a 1, 2, 3, 4 in rectoflex, 1, 2, 3, 4 in dental region, 1, 2, 3, 4 in labial region.
Then there is another sound in Indian language.
If you see that is called affricate.
It is what is affricate sound you can say.
If you see this one, affricate sound means it is a combination of two sounds.
When I produce chur, if you see that when I producing chur, then tip of the tongue touches the dental region and glide back to velar region to produce the friction sound.
The tip of the tongue touches the dental region to produce the flushing part and after the flushing tongue is curled, the tongue is pushed back and touches the post alveolar region to produce the friction.
Then we can write the symbol tau is the flushing part.
So it is written by T and this saw is the friction part which is written by the post alveolar saw.
So I can write post alveolar or palatal saw.
I do not know what is the saw.
This saw is palatal or post alveolar, post alveolar saw.
So if it is, if it is unvoiced friction, then I can write F, this kind of, not F, there is no cut, this one.
So it is a flotion plus friction, two kinds of sounds are there, that is why it is written in two symbols.
and friction part.
This is voice friction, this is the voice flushing.
Similarly, this cha after the friction, there may be a VOT which is aspirated or unaspirated.
So, I can write either this symbol which is cha and cha and this symbol is ja.
If it is aspiration, it is ja.
all the consonant can be described.
It can be consist of two symbols or it can consist of single symbol and with diacritics marks which explain whether the aspiration is present or not.
This aspiration, if this H has two varieties, if it is simple H then it is called unvoiced aspiration.
If it is a voiced aspiration then I have to use the symbol of voice applicative.
Okay.
So, that all are described in here.
Now I will show you some picture.
So, somebody if I give me this picture and told me which sound probably this is, I can say this is nothing but a voiced stop, voiced bilabial stop.
So, if it is a biased bilabial stop, that means either it can have a bow or it can have a bow, that it can be have a aspirated biased bilabial stop or it can have a unaspirated biased bilabial stop.
Now, if I see the picture after recording, if I see the spectrogram and the picture, if you see this is Kho, you see here this is Kho, then VOT is aspirated and VOT is longer.
all aspirated consonant V o t is longer.
So, occlusion, burst, aspirated.
If it is voiced, during the occlusion period, vocal cord is closed.
So, there is a voiced burr kind of sound.
That is why it is called voiced.
So, occlusion is voiced.
So, it is voiced top, go.
Then, if it is gha, then there will be expiration.
V ot, all other same then it is gha.
Similarly, if I say applicate occlusion part unvoiced then friction then V ot.
So, if it is occlusion in unvoiced friction is present V ot is unaspirated then it is cha.
If it is V ot is aspirated then it is cha.
If it is occlusion is if this portion is voiced.
I can say this is voiced so it is jaw jaw.
So, I can show you after the next class that I opened a spectrogram and I classify which kind of sound it is.
If it is a fricative thus look like this.
If it is a vowel then it will be a periodic sound okay.
It is a periodic sound.
So, this is a different Bengali vowel shape.
You can cut see the other vowel shape also.
Then, I can show you there is a phonetic chart for English language and Bengali language.
You can see that there is a phoneme in English and phoneme in Bengali.
So, all the phonemes I have tabulized in English, all the phonemes in Bengali.
So, there is a thesis also we have studied that similarity between the American English and Bengali English.
So, there we have taken those things and find out the similarity, non similarity.
All those things.
But here if you see the two phonemic chart, in English if you see we have only English plosive has only p t k b d g, but in Indian language let us Bengali it has ka ta ta pa, so 4 into 4 into 4 into 4, okay.
But we have only 7 vowels in Bengali, but here if you see there are lot of vowels in English, how many 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15.
Then if I say we have applicate, applicate, bias, unbiased, applicative, then nasal, lateral, trill and flap, there is a nasal, applicate, applicative, lateral, approximate all kinds of sounds are there.
So, there is a similar sound, dissimilar sound all those things are there.
So, you can go through that, but how to write that once I know the symbols I can describe the place and manner of articulation.
plasim.
So, this is the sound description and this is how the place and manner of articulation are described in acoustics phonetics.
So then instead of vowel and consonant there may be other sound also like that approximate or this is the vowel vowel combination, semi vowel or glides, dipthong, hiatus all kinds of sounds will be there.
As an engineer we should know.
What is the difference signal wise difference between a semi vowel and glide hiatus and diphthong that we should know not that what is the definition of hiatus what is the definition of diphthong there may be linguistic definition all those things.
But as an engineer I should know if there is a diphthong and if there is a semi vowel somebody is going so what is the difference between because I have to recognize it from the signal.
So, what is the signal look like this.
So, I will show you the signal for Bengali example Bengali.
There is another important thing.
I said that vowel or F1 F2 plane all the cardinal, this is called cardinal diagram.
So, cardinal vowel diagram it is called.
Vowel can be placed.
If I place the Bengali vowel, it will look like this.
Back and front is F2.
Height is defined by F1.
Close or open is defined by F1.
So, it is F1 and F2 plane.
So, I can see that different vowels.
depending on their production mechanism, tongue position and tongue height, they are described and that can be mapped in the F 1 and F 2 plane.
So, when I describe the engineering model, I use this thing.
So, if I say I want to classify, let us I give an example.
If I say I want to classify between O and E, if the distance is much, one is front vowel, one is back vowel.
So, in that case, F2 value one is very low and another is very high.
So, F2 value will be different, F1 value will be different.
So, depending on the F1, F2 value, so I can place the vowel and I can immediately understand which vowels can be classified in better accuracy from which.
So, that cardinal vowel diagram or if I say plot the cardinal vowel diagram of English, you can construct the F1, F2 vowel F1, F2 of different sample and then plot it in F 1 F 2 plane and find out the where it is cluster, where is who is there, what do you mean by central vowel, how it is changing.
So, all kind of cluster position you can analyze.
So, that is also important.
Now, if I say the diphthong hiatus, I am not going through the slides because you can read this slide.
This is the linguistic definition.
There is some example I have given from the Bengali.
If you want, I can give you the English example also.
The English example also is there.
So, if you see the signal.
This red line, green line, blue line and yellow line are the formant line, formant movement line.
If you see that the movement of the formant is different for different vowel after vowel combination and that produce a hiatus, diphthong all kinds of things will be there.
This is the phonetic chart for Bengali.
I have prepared it for that things.
Then next class what I will discuss.
I will open a speech signal in this spectrogram and time domain speech signal, then try to find out what kind of signal it is, whether it is a tau, whether it is a dou, whether it is a dou, whether it is a pau, whether it is a va, we want to classify it.
So, thank you.
ok so let us start ah that ah last class we have discussed about that engineering models of the speech production systems we said that this vocal tube can be model as a filters and glottis vibration can be model as a source so we said the source filter model we said let this is a filter that is h let us h s and there is a source called e s or i can say e n and h n in digital system and the output is the speech either s s or small s n ok so now if i say that this is a filter ok So, if the source is exist, so all voice sound the source is modified by the filter and source has only property the fundamental frequency contour and it is nothing but a impulse.
So, if you say here in the slides, so it is nothing but a impulse.
So, excitation generation nothing but a impulse and that excitation is coming through a filter which is model as a linear filter why we consider linear filter and how this model is mathematically describe we will discuss later.
So, this is nothing but a linear filter and convolution of e n and h n produce speech.
So, in time domain if it is convolution frequency domain it is nothing but a multiplication.
So, now how do I classify the voice sound?
So, voice sound is classified based on two properties.
One is the fundamental frequency of the excitation which is constant throughout the all voice sound.
Now, different model of filter can produce different voice sound.
So if I say as you know H is nothing but H is a filter model that is nothing but a some P by Q as you know in any model is nothing but a pole and 0 kind combination of pole and 0.
So root of this thing is provide me 0 and root of this thing is provide me the poles.
So now you know as per that control systems if you have that background of electronics.
that all pole related to the formant frequency or resonance frequency later on resonance frequency.
So, at for every pole there is a resonance frequency.
So, if Q s is a first order system first order then it is a only single pole.
So, I can the single resonance frequency if it is a multi order systems nth order say n number of resonance frequency will be there.
So, if I see if I look at the frequency response of this linear system it will be look like this.
If you see look like this, so every peak is called formant.
So all voice sound are characterized by those formants.
So this is first formant, second formant, third formant and fourth formant so on the formant will be there.
So if it is frequency domain, if this axis is frequency and this axis is the amplitude of that frequency and omega is the analog frequency, it is a so in analog frequency then it is nothing but a multiplication.
So this frequency response of the unit impulse will be modified by the filter frequency response.
Details of how what should be the formant structures will come on when we model this speech production system.
So, all the voice sounds are characterized by the formant frequency for different voice sound has different kind of formant frequency that is why they sound like different sound.
So, then if just this we have already explained that why that woman has shorter f 0 and formant frequency.
then I have go to this directly.
So, there is some average F0 value.
If you see the average F0 value for man is F0 average 150 hertz and minima is 80 and maxima is 200.
If you see the woman it is average is 225 almost above 200 hertz and children it is above 300 hertz kind of mean frequency.
So, if you that you have experience that if you see if you know the singing, so bass frequency that somebody has B sharp, B flat, B flat, B flat, B flat, those kind of scale you are using that is nothing but a match with your average f 0 frequency.
Now, formant frequency also I will come on what should be the human minimum formant frequency and all those variation I will come on when we discuss about the uniform tube modeling of the speech production system.
So, any voice sound I can say that it is characterized by the formant frequency or resonant frequency.
So, formant frequency is nothing but the resonant frequency.
So, if I say any voice sound vocalic sound if this is frequency and this is amplitude it will be look like this.
So, this is first formant f 1, this is f 2, this is f 3, so on f 4, so on going on.
Once it is going up the amplitude will be going down that will discuss why this is going down.
Now if the voice sound is characterized with the why the formant frequency.
So, formant frequency depends on the structure of the this vocal track.
How this formant frequency will change depending on the h s.
So, H s will be modified based on the structure of the whole tube.
So, different structure can produce the different kind of voice sound and this has the different kind of formant frequency.
Now, if I related to the vowel sound, if I related to the sound which is unvoiced sound we can say that there is a difference between the unvoiced and silence.
So, aspiration, friction are called unvoiced sound.
Unvoiced means vocal chord is not vibrate but still there is a noise kind of sound.
The source is aspiration and friction.
How the aspiration is produced?
Suppose you have a tube, you create a narrow constriction in the tube.
Now what will happen?
The air pressure lungs produce an air pressure and you create a narrow constriction constriction using the tongue.
Then what will happen?
The force air try to find out a path and there is a friction kind of noise sound will be generated.
So those kind of sound is called aspiration and friction sound will be generated.
So, details will come in that manner of articulation and that place of articulation discussion.
the place of articulation.
For example, suppose I want to produce the vowel ah.
So, I can see the vocal cords is vibrating and hip of the tongue is raised ah.
So, the place where the obstruction is happened is called place of articulation.
And manner, manner means how I produce that sound.
That means when I produce the sound, I produce the sound.
whether the air is fully flow, whether the air flow is tucked, whether the air flow is passes through a narrow cavity.
So, all kind of air flow mechanism are produced the manner of articulation.
Now, you can see the manner of articulation has also two major difference.
One is called either this vocal if I say the source is also part of manner of articulation, then either source can present or source can absent.
So, either glottis can vibrate.
or glottis can absent.
So glottis has two manners.
When the glottis is closed then the voice sound is produced.
When it is totally open then the unvoiced sound is produced.
So anything can be voiced or unvoiced.
So two part based on the glottis it has two part either it can be voiced or it can be unvoiced.
place of articulation has produced different sound.
How do I describe the place?
So, different place are if you see the bilabial, labiodental, dental, alveolar, postalveolar, retroflex, palatal, velar, uvalar, pharyngeal and glottal.
So, if I see the upper track of the human speech production system which is there in here, if you see the different upper cavity can be part in different place.
by labial, then dental, then can be labiodental means lip and dental can be there or I can draw that.
This will be very easy if I draw it.
Let us say draw a human speech production system.
I do not find that duster.
So, if I see it that schematic diagram of the human speech production system, I want to draw it.
So, if I see, let us I start from labiodent then it can goes to the teeth, teeth, palatal and then goes velum.
So, there will be a velum cavity in velum then.
So, lower cavity is bilabial teeth and then tip of the tongue and then come in the voice.
So, here either gotis clan close or open.
If it is close then I call voice sound.
if it is open then i call unvoiced sound now when if the tip of the tongue touches the teeth then i call it is a dental sound or blockage can be happened in here constriction can be happen in labial position also so this is called labial lips dental then you can say the alveo post alveolar alveolar alveolar post alveolar velar so all kind of place i can show you in different schematic diagram all kind of place for different kind of sound production systems.
Now, depending on the place, the sounds are classified in different labial, bilabial, when the sound are produced two lips.
Labiodental, when the sound are produced by a constriction of a lower lips with upper tip, upper teeth.
Dental, when the sound is produced by the constriction of tip.
of the blade of the tongue with the upper teeth.
Ta, ta, pa labial, bilabial, pa, bilabial two lips are close together to produce the pa, bilabial then ta if you see the tip of the tongue touches the dental position so it is ta dental.
Then alveolar the sound made by tip or the blade of the tongue within the contract against the alveolar region, alveolar region after the teeth the alveolar region.
Then we call say alveolar sound.
Then after alveolar there is a post alveolar.
Then after post alveolar retroflex sometime it is not a place of articulation it kind of manner of articulation when the tip of the tongue curl back and touches the upper cavity in post alveolar region we call retroflex sound.
So tip of the tongue curl back ta ta that is why it is called retroflex sound.
sound.
Similarly, if I say there is a palatal sound, when the constriction made in the front part of the tongue with the hard palate, hard palate means middle of the cavity, hard palatal region.
When the palatal region is come, then it is called palatal sound.
Then after the palatal, there is a mellar sound.
When the back of the, now you see that, after here tongue cannot go back.
So, the back of the tongue can also move.
When the back of the tongue raise.
and touches the velar position to produce the sound, we call velar sound.
If it is a , then back of the tongue is raised and touches the velar position, then we call velar sound.
Similarly, uvelar, pharyngeal and glottal sound.
When the sounds are coming from the glottal lesion, we call glottal sound.
So depending on the place of the constriction, sounds are described and that description is called .
place of articulation.
Because the constriction is made different position, so tube structure will be different, different kind of frequency will be produced by the tube and that is why the sound is different.
Now if I go to the manner of articulation, as I described the manner of articulation depending on the source, glottis has two manner, either it is voiced or unvoiced or aspiration is there.
So, voiced, unvoiced, aspiration and aspiration may be there.
So, these three are the source.
And there is another manner of articulation which is called plosive or stop, nozzle stop, fricative nozzle stops or plosive, fricative, lateral, approximate, till, trill, flap or tap.
What do you mean by the plosive sound?
Now, if you see, if from the tip of the tongue close the upper cavity, if I say paw.
Let us two lifts are closed together, paw.
What is happening?
In the back cavity, the after before the closure, so if the closure is here, then the sound, the air pressure in here is building up because the cavity is closed, paw and suddenly this is released and some burst is coming out, sound burst is coming out, paw.
That is why, it is called plosion or plosive, plosion.
So, if the consonant sound is followed by a vowel, then what is happening?
Now, back of the cavity sound pressure increases, it creates a plosion that is why it is called plosive.
Sometime suppose if I say ok, ok or ok, then what is happening?
there is a vowel sound is producing by the vocal track and suddenly it want to produce a consonant you want to produce a constriction.
So, it is want to stop then it is called stop sound.
So, plosives or stops it can be either plosive consonant or it can be a stop consonant.
So, if it is a followed by a vowel then it is a plosive will be happen.
If it is after vowel there is a sound ka then it called.
this ko is stop it is not plosive.
So, this is plosive and stop.
Then nozzle stop sometime if you say na ma bilabial nozzle ma ma.
So, if the velum is open that is why it is called nozzle cavity is attached.
So, this is nozzle sound.
Then there is a fricative affricate lateral approximate fricative if you say shh.
So, it is fricative sound.
Applicate sound has two properties.
Applicate first part is flotion, second part is friction.
That is why it is called applicate sound.
I will show you an animation for that.
Applicate means first part is flotion, second part is friction.
That is why it is called applicate sound.
Then lateral sound, if you see the tip of the tongue touches the upper cavity and sound is coming the two side of the tongue.
So, side of the two side are open and the sound is or air is coming out from the two side of the tongue then it is called bilateral sound.
If it is single side it is coming unilateral sound.
So, it is lateral sound.
Then approximate like that we have Bengali has two approximates.
Approximates are look like a vowel.
yaw and if I say hawawaw and approximate or glide you can say then trill rrr rrr so tip of the tongue touches the upper cavity and it vibrate trill rrr rrr if you say tip of the tongue touches the upper cavity and it vibrate rrr rrr so it is trill then tap or clap even back tip of the tongue back of the tip of the tongue touches the upper cavity like a flap, then it is called flap or tap.
So, back of the tongue touches the upper cavity and produce that sound that is why it is called tap or flap.
Now, I go to the details discussion on that.
Then if you see sound can be classified two things one is called oral vowel and nasal vowel.
Vowel sound is described in term of tongue movement I will come later on.
Then diphthong semi vowel.
and consonant.
So those of you who can go through the slides, those of you who know you can go through that.
If you see how the sound is unique, it does not require the language.
If I say ka for Hindi, ka for Bengali, ka for English, all is ka, sound ka.
How the sound sequence is produced, then the language rule is come out.
So if I want to describe the each and individual sound which is produced by the human being.
and try to find out a symbol for each individual sound.
So depending on the place and manner of articulation, what I do, I try to find out or try to assign a symbol to each particular sound.
So what I want, depending on the place and manner of articulation, I try to assign a symbol to each and every sound.
So maybe some language has some group of sound.
Some language may not have some group of sound, so that is okay.
But those sounds which exist in the language may be exist in other language also, so that is exist.
So, sound which is distinct sound which is produced by different constriction and different kind of mechanism by the human vocal track has to be assigned a particular symbol that is called IPA, International Phonetic Alphabet.
So, that is why it is called IPA.
phonetic alphabet.
I can assign a symbol to each an individual sound, depending on the place and manner of articulation.
Now, sound has a consonant.
I already discussed.
We have a consonant, we have a vowel, we have a diphthong, we have an approximate.
Those all have to be assigned some symbol.
So, depending on the place and manner of articulation, we assign those symbols.
This chart, there is another call.
If you see the consonant which is written palmonic, it can be palmonic.
I think non-palmonic also I have symbol.
So, most of the cases, the sound which is produced during the air, air flow is from lungs to mouth is called palmonic sound.
During the production of the sound, if the air flow in this direction, then the it is from lungs to mouth, then we call this is a pulmonic sound.
Non-pulmonic, if the air flow is reverse, then we call it is a non-pulmonic sound.
So, any pulmonic consonant, in that case the air is coming from lungs to mouth.
So, that is the pulmonic sound.
So, pulmonic sound depending on the place and manner of articulation.
they have assigned different symbols.
If you see this side is the place of articulation and this side is the manner of articulation.
If you see the chart, this row wise is the place of articulation, column wise is the manner of articulation.
Now, if you see plosive or stop.
So, if you see the plosive or stop bilabial plosive.
So, if I want to produce a bilabial process, plosive that means I can draw it or I can go to here.
So, you can get that animation.
Let us like this.
Let us go to this picture.
So, if I want to produce a bilabial sound, bilabial sound is here, yes, bilabial sound, I want to produce a bilabial sound.
What is that?
then I call voiced sound.
So any bilabial plosive has two varieties, two manner of articulation depending on the source vocal cords.
Either it can be voiced or it can be unvoiced.
So if you see the chart, it is written P for unvoiced, B for next one is for voiced.
So there are two places, unvoiced and voiced.
Similarly, if you see or , voiced, unvoiced, voiced, unvoiced, voiced, unvoiced.
So may be some language does not have this sound, but other language may have this sound.
So if you see that consonant symbols in the IPA chart, depending on the voiced, unvoiced symbols are different and depending on the manner, if you see the different symbol.
Bilabial nasal is manner M.
Bilevial trill if it is able to produce this is capital B.
Similarly, we have produced bilabial trill R, it is on the alveolar position.
Then tap or flap, fricative if I say I will produce dental saw saw saw, but we may produce palatal saw saw or post alveolar saw, with palatal or post alveolar saw saw saw.
Lateral fricative approximate, lateral approximate.
If it is see that.
only voiced part unvoiced part is not there that is why it is a single symbol if you see single symbol.
So, depending on the voice that is voiced or unvoiced two sound and depending on the manner in here different sounds are there we will describe later on we will describe details.
Similarly, non-polymonic I am not discussing non-polymonic and there is a other kind of symbols are there if you see the IPA chart downloaded from IPA site there are other kind of symbols are also there.
Now, I go for the vowels.
If you see the vowel, how the vowel sound is specified?
In case of production of the vowel, the constriction is not take place.
The constriction is not there.
What is there?
The tongue movement.
If you see, tongue can move front and back.
If you see, your tongue can move either back or front.
Back of the tongue can raise.
or front of tongue can come out front and front of the tongue can raise.
So, depending on the tongue, tongue front and backward movement and tongue height that means how the tongue is moving your upper palate is fixed, lower palate is moving tongue is moving.
So, tongue height and tongue movement frontness and backness and tongue height.
So, depending on the front or back where the vowel is produced.
and depending on the tongue height all the vowels are described.
So, tongue height means if it is high, if tongue is raised high then it is close, almost close that is why it is also called close, tongue closer or if it is low, tongue height is low then it is also called open vowel.
Sometime you find some literature has closed or high, open or low.
And depending on the tongue height and tongue forwardness, different symbols are there for different vowel sound.
So, vowels are classified or vowels are symbolized based on their vowel position, production position.
Instead of constriction, here we call vowel, depending on the articulatory position, vowels are described.
Either it can be high, low or high.
low or it can be front and back.
And there is another thing also.
It is not considered but there is there that if you see some vowels are required lip movement also.
If you either say you can say the lip rounding, it is called lip rounding.
Sometimes we round the lip and sometimes we do not round the lips.
Here I am showing you the picture for different vowel production.
If you see.
lip are rounded.
So, lip rounding and the tongue position are described the vowel sound.
I am not playing the vowel.
There is a different kind of vowel sound.
You can, if it is shared, you can play the sound.
Now, as an engineer, we do not know what is the vowel tongue height, tongue kind of things, how do you describe.
So, can I find out some parameter which will be related to the tongue height and which is related to the tongue.
forwardness and backwardness.
Yes, it is possible.
If you see the formant, vowels are described based on the formants and the formants it is F 1 is nearly 500 hertz, F 2 is 1.5 kilohertz, F 3 is 2.5 kilohertz, I will come how it is 500 hertz like that.
Now, there is a relation here depending on the tongue height is related to the first format.
Tongue front and backness is related to the second format and lip rounding is related to the third format.
So, depending on seeing the, so this is a correlation, there is a close relation between the F 1 and tongue height and it is correlation between the F 2 and tongue lowerness, the tongue movement in the front and back.
So, this is front and back.
So, either I can see the F1 and F2, I can classify whether this is a high vowel or low vowel.
I can classify whether it is a front vowel and back vowel.
So, the same place, same articulatory place can be simulated or can be modeled or can be placed in a formant measurement plate.
So, I can back that I can find out the frequency and I can plot them f 1 and f 2 plane will generally call f 1 and f 2 plane where the vowel sounds are classified so now if I say f 1 and f 2 are classified the vowel sound different kind of vowel sound so I can say the vowel if I the content or whether I said r or o it depends on f 1 and f 2 and f 3 some part of f 3 whether leap rounding is required or not that is f 3.
So, f 1, f 2 and f 3 is describing the vowel which vowel it is.
So, you can say the content.
Now, if you say the formant frequency f 1 and f 2 describing the vowel different vowels then why we require the higher formants?
Higher formants may be communicate.
the speaker style or other information also.
So, F1 and F2 are mainly responsible for which vowel I have produced.
If I change the F1 and F2, the sound may be A becomes O or U becomes O if I change the vowel, if I change the format.
So, F1 and F2 describe the vowel quality or you can say the vowel which vowel I have produced.
And f 1 and f 2 related to the tongue height and tongue backness or front and back is f 2 and tongue height and whether it is close or open or low or high that depends on the f 1 and f 3 is the lip rounding.
So, next class I will take take away to that animation and find out that different place of articulation.
Thank you.
So, we are discussing about that LTI systems and their implementation.
Now, come to the sequence representation of the discrete signals and LTI systems.
Suppose, I have an LTI system in here ok LTI system which is H n H H n let us ok. Now, I want to provide a input and I get an output Y n if I provide a input X n ok. Now, I want to know frequency response of this H n ok.
So, mathematically I can do many things, but so what is Y n?
y n is nothing but a h n convolved with x of n which is nothing but a k equal to minus infinity to infinity h k into x of n minus k ok x of n minus k is ok or not ok. Now let us consider I want to find out the frequency response.
So, if I excite the systems with an individual frequency.
then I change the omega for 2 hertz, then I change the omega for 3 hertz.
So, I can do that way and n is the number of sample.
So, I apply a e to the power j omega n what should be the output then y n is nothing but a k equal to minus infinity to infinity h k let us h k into x of n minus k is replaced by e to the power j omega.
So, e to the power j omega.
n minus k ok.
So, which is nothing but a k equal to minus infinity to infinity h k e to the power minus j omega k into e to the power j omega n ok.
So, if I write down e to the power j omega n.
is nothing but a k equal to because this is not depend on the k. So, e to the power j omega n outside minus infinity I can write down h k into e to the power minus j omega k. So, what is e to the power minus j omega k?
What is e to the power h k?
So, I can say that y n.
is nothing, but a e to the power j omega n at where k equal to minus infinity to infinity h k into e to the power minus j omega k. So, this term is nothing, but a frequency response of the systems frequency response of the systems.
So, I can write down this this term frequency as a e to the power j omega n H of capital H frequency frequency plane e to the power j omega frequency response of that LTI system.
So, if you see e to the power j omega is the frequency response of the said LTI systems ok. Now, I can say If I see this equation, if you see this equation what is there?
This is a complex number.
So, there has a magnitude and there has a phase.
So, I can say h e to the power j omega has an complex.
So, it has an phase or you can say the magnitude which is nothing but a h e to the power j omega mod and e to the power j phi omega is the phase.
So, I can say h is a real part and imaginary part.
again this is complex number property.
So, cos omega j sin omega k. So, I can write real part is nothing but a cos part and imaginary part is nothing but a sin part minus h k sin omega k. So, magnitude response is nothing but a complex number real square plus imaginary square phase is nothing but a tan inverse or arc tan tan inverse imaginary by real part and delay function is nothing but a tau omega is equal to d phi omega by d omega.
Those things will be used frequently in signal processing of speech signal processing.
Then I am not going this property you can find out the phase component is nothing but a odd function and the response is nothing but a even function.
So, this is the LTI systems signals.
Fourier transform.
Here the time domain signal is discrete, but frequency domain it is continuous.
Time domain signal is discrete, but frequency domain it is continuous.
So, discrete time Fourier transform time domain it is discrete, but here discrete Fourier transform input is discrete and frequency domain also it is represented as a discrete.
So, this is a DTFT and DFT.
So, DFT X n is in DTFT X n is digital, but whatever I get X omega is continuous, but here X n is also digital and X omega is also digital.
Sometimes we write it X k discrete frequency instead of omega.
So, what is the concept behind this?
I am not going this one, this DFT I will as I am describing the DFT.
So, what I will do discrete Fourier transform.
So, discrete time first you just know the equation of discrete time Fourier transform.
So, I can say x of omega where the frequency is continuous is nothing, but a n equal to minus infinity to infinity x n.
e to the power minus j omega n. Now, I said that frequency domain it also discrete that is called DFT discrete time and discrete Fourier transform.
So, it is not discrete time Fourier transform it is discrete Fourier transform.
So, this omega is replaced by k, k is the discrete Fourier transform.
So, n equal to then becomes 0 to n minus 1 x of n e to the power j omega n k. Why it is you say it is minus infinity to plus infinity it is 0 to n minus 1 why?
I said discrete frequency the frequency axis also discrete and if I say that the frequency that means, I am sampling the frequency scale also.
So, suppose I have a frequency range this one here to here is f I want to discretized it ok.
So, I am saying let us divided this length with a n number of discrete value ok.
So, I divided this n.
n number of discrete value?
If it is n number of finite length discrete value, I can say then it is a the period is after n, I am saying the signal is repeating itself.
So, x k is a period of n, capital N, the number of sample I have taken, I have the number of discrete sample, the discrete sample I have made the frequency response.
So, this is the, if you explain it like this way.
So, this is continuous frequency I discretize it with a number of discrete value.
So, if it is discrete DFT then equation is x k is equal to n equal to 0 to n minus 1 x n e to be power j omega n k. So, if it is that then this n is called DFT length of the DFT length of the Now, suppose I have a signal with sampling frequency fs is 8 kilohertz.
Sampling frequency is 8 kilohertz.
Now, I said I take n is equal to let us 1000.
I divided whole frequency range is the 8 kilohertz frequency range.
I divided in.
1000 number of pieces equal amount of pieces.
So, I can say each pieces.
So, k is varies from 0 to 1000 0 1 2 3 4 6 4 5 6 8 up to 1000.
So, I can say that whole 8 kilohertz space is divided in 1000 pieces that means every sample k value k equal to 0 k equal to 1 means it is separated by 800 hertz.
So, the value distance between the two k value is 8 hertz this is called frequency resolution.
So, frequency resolution is nothing but a F s by n. So, suppose I want to find out the what is the frequency analog frequency value at k equal to 10.
So, it is nothing but a into k is equal to F s.
So, at k equal to 10 in this case F s is 8 kilohertz 8 into 1000 divided by 1000 into 10.
So, 80 hertz.
So, if my signal is contained 80 hertz component then the power at here will be come here.
So, once I want to draw the draw a DFT suppose I done a DFT.
So, I can say DFT once I done the DFT I have a x k ok.
So, x k is nothing but a n equal to 0 to n minus 1 where n is the DFT length x of n input signal e to the power minus j omega n k ok. Now, x k is a complex signal x k is a complex signal.
So, a complex signal has an amplitude and has an phase.
So, I can write this signal is nothing but a cos and sin a plus j b a plus j b.
So, if it is a plus j b then I can say x k has an magnitude response which is defined like so discrete signal is third bracket always represented by a third bracket slide may be it is first bracket, but discrete signal is always depend on a third bracket.
So, mod of x k is nothing but a root over of a square plus b square that is called magnitude response.
So, what is the phase response?
Theta is nothing but a or arg of theta arg of x k x k theta is nothing but a tan inverse b by a.
Now, suppose I told you I have a signal x n.
find out the magnitude frequency response frequency magnitude response.
So, find out the magnitude frequency response of x.
So, I have to plot the mod of x k. So, after computing DFT I get a plus j b from.
So, I compute the a square plus b square root over that is the amplitude if it is voltage then it is has to be square to make it power if it is power then it is root over of a square plus b square.
So, now if I want to drop draw it.
this axis is k and this axis is the power mod of x k. So, k is nothing but a k is varies from 0 to n minus 1.
Now, I told you I do not want the discrete frequency k, can you make it with the axis of f instead of k can I replace this axis by f very easy because f is equal to nothing but a.
If this signal is sample, this x n is sample is 8 kilohertz and my n is equal to 1000, then I can say 8 k divided by 1000 into k, I get the corresponding frequency.
So, instead of 0, I can write 0, this will be let us frequency f 1, f 2, f 3, f 4 for different k value, I get the analog frequency value.
Now, if you see here f is equal to 0, so x 0, is nothing but a frequency is equal to 0 that is nothing but a d c component of the signal.
So, x 0 is the d c component of the signal.
So, those property you have to know frequency resolution d c component how do you make the k to f conversion those things will be used in implementation of digital this digital speech processing ok. Now, there is another property I have not described this one again.
So, the symmetry property is there.
So, if I say DFT is called symmetry, after DFT xk is symmetry, sk is obey the symmetry property.
That means, if I draw it here xk, let us this is my k axis k. So, at here n minus 1, it is nothing but a F s. At k equal to n minus 1, it is nothing but a F s.
So, F s by 2 is my signal limitation.
So, I can say it repeat the property this is the F s by 2 point or n by 2 point.
So, 0 to n by n by 2 minus 1 give me the same this information and this information will be same information for baseband signal.
So, after analyze the frequency if I use 1000 point DFT 500 point.
property will be repeated in here in mirror in nature.
So, I can take this one only to find out the frequency response of the signal.
Then DFT magnitude when a real input signal contain a sine wave component a peak amplitude a 0 the integer number of cycle n then cycle over input sample then it is nothing but a m r equal to a 0 into.
So, amplitude of the signal will be magnified by n by 2 if it is real valued signal.
If it is a complex signal, it will be n number of.
So, when you do the inverse DFT, I should normalize the amplitude by if it is if it is real input signal.
So, it is n by 2.
If it is a complex input signal, then it will be n. And there is a DFT leakage.
All those things you can find in that DSP book.
DSP leakage means.
There is two kind of things if you see.
Suppose I have sampled a signal in 8 kilohertz and of a signal let the signal has 50 hertz.
So, 50 hertz signal sinusoidal signal has sampled at 8 kilohertz.
So, if I take the 1000 n equal to 1000 sample then the frequency resolution is 8 hertz.
So, for every k.
I will get 0, then 8 hertz, then 16 hertz, then 24 hertz, then let dot dot dot dot, then you have 48 hertz and then next one is 56 hertz.
So, my resolution does not support the 50 hertz.
So, the power, but the signal has only power at 50 hertz.
So, if I make the DFT, so instead of looking like 50 hertz single spike.
it will be look like this power will be distributed at adjacent computation point.
So, this will be look like this.
So, this is the DSP computational leakage.
Then there will be another another effect windowing effect also will be come I will discuss later on when we design the filter.
Now, you know that implementation of DFT is a discrete Fourier transform.
is done based on fast Fourier transform algorithm.
So, FFT is not the transform, FFT is an algorithm to implement DFT.
So, that is why it is called fast Fourier transform algorithm, fast Fourier transform FFT.
So, FFT is an implementation procedure for DFT.
So, if I say the DFT is nothing but a x of k.
is nothing but a sum of n equal to 0 to n minus 1 x of n into e to the power minus j omega n k. So, how many number of complex multiplication is in here n cross n n cross n complex multiplication is there.
Now, I want to reduce it I want to reduce this complex multiplication.
So, that it can compute very faster.
So, how do you can do it?
That is why it is called fast Fourier transform.
So, instead of n cross n, can I use some other method which can be computationally reduce which can reduce the computational cost of the DFT.
One method is called fast Fourier transform.
I will discuss only Radix II algorithm, other you can study from the DSP book.
So, Radix II algorithm is most commonly used algorithm.
So, if I say I want to reduce the n cross n, I ask you the from the computations background that suppose I have a search space, if I make it binary search then it is log 2 n. So, that means if I instead of computing using the whole signal if I disseminate or if I if I somewhere I can disseminating the signal in some you can small chunk.
and then if I compute, is it help us?
Yes.
So, what they done FFT, Radix 2 algorithm that if I take the length of the DFT is we can say that if the n can be represented by 2 to the power something, the length of the DFT restriction is that I want to discrete, I want to divide the whole signal in binary space, you know 2 spaces, 2 part.
then 4 part, 5 part like that itself like the binary search whole number divided middle first part, second part and then I will do the first part, then I will do the second part like that way I want to do it.
So, what I want that length of the DST must be expressed by this way 2 to the power something.
So, I cannot take n equal to 1000 because it cannot be expressed in 2 to the power something way.
So, if I take n is equal to 1024 then I can say it is nothing, but a 2 to the power 10.
So, this is the restriction Redix 2 algorithm that is why it is called Redix 2 algorithm.
Then whole signal x n either can be broken in time domain or I can use whole x n and broke the computational output based on which frequency domain output in small number of chunk.
So, either x n can be divide or I can divide x k also, two space I can divide the signal.
So, let us start with the disseminating time time algorithm.
So, here what I do instead of computing whole DFT at a time, I divide the input signal in two term one is even term another is odd term.
Then again this one is divided even and odd and even and odd until and unless.
I reach 2 point where I cannot divide 1 even and 1 odd.
So, this algorithm is described in a book you can do that I just explain you by a let us take the 8 point DFT 8 point DFT n equal to 8.
So, that means, it can be expressed 2 to the power 3.
So, 3 stage I can divide it.
So, first stage let us the signal is x 0, x 1, x 2, x 3, x 4, x 5, x 6, x 7 and x 7.
So, 8 number of signal I have taken n equal to 8.
I divide this signal space in two space, one is odd and even.
Let us even.
So, 0 2 4 6 1 3 5 7.
So, I can say let us start the signal instead of taking the signal 1 2 3 6.
So, I take the upper part let us 0 2 4 6 and then I take 1 3 5 7.
Then again this can be divided into two part.
even 0 4 and odd 2 6 again it is even 1 5 odd 3 5.
So, once I get two signal I compute the DFT this is called butterfly algorithm I will not details discuss the mathematics of butterfly algorithm.
Now, if you see I get the output x 0 x 1 x x 3, x 4, x 5, x 6, x 7.
Now, you may say how do I divide the signal in odd and even if it is my signal size is 1024.
There is a trick if you know that the just that trick I will discuss that is called bit reversible a technique.
I require 3 bit this is equal to 3, 3 bit I require.
So, I can see the 3 bit I can generate 7 number.
Now, to do this odd and even distribution what I do that access the signal in bit reversible format.
When you access the signal the index term reverse the bit, if it is 10 bit reverse the bit.
So, what I will do I reverse the bit.
So, instead of 000, I write 000 because reversible and non-reversible same, 001 I write 100, 010 I write 010 same, 011 110, 100 001, 101 101, 110 001 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 if you see 0426.
1, 5, 3, 3 and sorry 1, 5, 3, 7.
So, this arrangement is done automatically if I just access the signal, the index of the signal is change in bit reversible mode.
So, if it is n equal to let us 1024.
So, I require 10 bit to represent the index.
when i access the signal i will change the bit reverse i get it and then i do the calculation whatever is required for butterfly algorithm so that i have explained in dft i am not explaining details because this can be explained details in dsp class you know it now i come to the application side so once i done the where i use the dft or frequency transform in speech If you see, suppose I have a time domain signal, I have already showed you time domain signal and this is the, this portion I have selected, this portion of the signal I have selected and take the frequency response of the signal.
Now, there is a point, if I take n is equal to 1024 point, 1024 that means, order of the DFT is 1024.
So, I take the signal 1024 sample signal.
So, if I suppose I have a long signal which is stationary signal.
So, whether I take this portion or I take this portion or I take this portion, this portion, this portion or this portion, the signal property is remain same.
In that case, I do not have any problem.
Now, suppose the signal time is also changing.
Along the time signal property is changing.
So, if I say, if I take this portion of the signal 1024.
So, whatever the frequency response I will get frequency response I will get that is the average frequency response of whole signal means I am considering during this time the signal does not change its property.
So, what I am losing I am losing the time domain resolution of the signal time domain resolution I am losing ok. Now, if I want to increase the time domain resolution what I will do.
instead of n equal to 1024 let us I take n is equal to 256.
Then my time domain resolution is increases because I my window size is very less.
So, I can get the better time resolution.
Now what is happen since f is equal to frequency resolution is nothing but a f s by n if n is decreasing the frequency resolution is also decreasing.
So, once I increase the time domain resolution, my frequency domain resolution is decreasing.
So, if I take long signal, I time domain resolution is losing.
If I take small signal, frequency resolution is losing.
So, this is the limitation of Fourier transform.
That is why people are use more number of other number of transform like wavelet, EMD all kind of things is used.
So, let us forget about that things.
Suppose I told you record a voice or I can say record a signal and design an algorithm or design and compute or draw its frequency response or spectrum of the signal.
I am not saying spectrogram.
So, amplitude response representation is called spectrum.
So, what is that?
It is nothing but a spectrum.
mod of x k versus frequency that drawing is called spectrum of the signal.
So, if I told you record the vowel r and take the n equal to 1024 point and draw the spectrum of the vowel r. So, I will draw the frequency response of the vowel r.
f. That means, if I can draw it with respect to k and I can convert the k with respect to f, then I get the frequency response of the signal.
So, this can be draw in linear view or log view.
Log view means if you see there is a two kind of view, log view and windowing I will come later on.
So, log view and linear view.
So, there will be a log view.
I can take the output as a log.
So, log spectrum or normal spectrum.
spectrum this is the normal spectrum.
So, then once I get the spectrum I get the formant frequency plot.
So, that means I know the formant frequency representation of the signal and details I will come STFT when we discuss.
Now this is called spectrum now when you draw this kind of representation this is called spectrogram.
So, difference is that spectrum is frequency versus power means the power of each frequency plot.
Spectrogram, x axis is the time, y axis is the frequency and power is converted into the intensity or color.
So, it is a 3D curve.
The representation is that if you see there is a long line, same line is coming.
Why this line is coming?
So, what I do?
So, I want this axis is time, this axis is frequency and intensity.
as an amplitude.
So, I have a long signal.
So, I take the small chunk of the signal from here and find out this point.
Then, I plot it here.
So, for this whole chunk, frequency presentation will be same.
Next chunk I will take and then I plot it here.
So, if it is 10 millisecond window, then this 10 millisecond will be same this 10 millisecond will be same that is why you see this kind of things are coming ok.
So, this is called spectrogram and earlier one is called spectrum ok.
So, next is the digital filter this is the last portion of the DSP view.
So, digital filter if you say any forget about the filter any transfer function let us I have a.
is nothing but a polynomial function.
So, solution of P z provide me with a 0 position and solution of Q z provide me the pole position.
That is why H z is a pole 0 filter pole and 0 filter that is why H z has a formant and 0 provide the anti-formant or resonance anti-resonance.
So, pole 0 filter any filter can be implemented using a pole 0 filter.
So, I can implement P z and I can implement Q z and I can implement H z.
Now, how it is look like this?
If you see the mathematics, so there is a number of pole m number of 0 if it is order is m, m number of 0 and n number of pole.
So, every pole and 0 has a complex conjugate.
So, that I will discuss later on that every pole has a complex conjugate if it is complex pole complex 0.
So, it is if the real value H z is real then every pole on every 0 complex pole has its conjugate value.
So, if there is a pole in here, there will be a conjugate value pole in here.
So, it is the unit circle if all poles are lying inside the unit circle then we can say this is a causal and stable filter.
Now, how do we implement filter in digital domain?
So, I can say H z has an impulse response H z has an impulse response or I can say H z in time domain it is nothing but H n. So, H n has an impulse response it can be finite or it can be infinite or non finite.
So, if I say if it is infinite finite.
So, if it can be finite or infinite.
So, if I say that it has a finite impulse response then we said implementation is called FIR filter finite impulse response filter.
impulse response filter.
Now, what do you mean by a filter?
That is very important.
What do you mean by a filter?
So, suppose I filter means I something is unwanted I want to discard that is filter.
Now, in a signal suppose I have a signal which has a frequency response let us all frequency are present.
Now, I want to cut down.
after 5 kilohertz I want signal or system should not produce let signal should not produce any response.
That means, that filter is that filter frequency response is that up to 500 kilohertz or 500 less 500 hertz I want response should be like this and after 500 hertz I do not want anything.
So, that means, 0 to 500 hertz.
all frequency components should pass to the output and after 500 hertz none of the component should pass to the output then it is called low pass filter because low frequency component is pass high frequency component is attenuated to 0 ok.
So, there may be I may want this type that frequency component between 500 hertz to 1.5 kilohertz may pass.
pass.
This portion also becomes 0 and this portion also becomes 0.
So, that is my requirement or I may say I this is called band pass filter or I may say I want a filter after 1.5 kilo hertz all frequencies should pass below 1.5 kilo hertz none of the frequencies should be there.
So, that should be 0 that is called high pass filter.
So, it is low pass filter it is band pass filter, it is high pass filter.
That is my ideal filter frequency response I want ok.
This is the ideal response, but if I implement it with a finite impulse response filter, then I instead of getting that single that this pass band with 1 instead of this if you see this is flat 1, here I can get a some kind of variation that is called pass band repeal or instead of sharp cut off I can get a transit point that is called transitory response and after that instead of 0 I can get some signal here also that is called stop band repeal pass band repeal stop band repeal and filter transition transition bandwidth.
So, where the amplitude is 1 to 0 is transitory, so that transitory portion that frequency range is called transition bandwidth.
So, if you say normalize edge then the peak repeal pass band, peak repeal in stop band and normalize transition bandwidth.
So, this point to this point is called normalized transition bandwidth.
So, this is pass band frequency, this is a stop band frequency where I want to stop the filter.
So, this bandwidth is called stop transition bandwidth ok.
So, how do you implement the filter F I R O A?
Two methods.
So, I can say that let us I have a filter whose response is h n. If I know the transfer function time domain transfer function of the filter, then I convolve the input signal I get the output of the filter or what I can do I can take the frequency response of the filter which is h k.
and I can take the frequency response of the input signal x k and multiply h k into x k I get y k then I take the IDFT to get the y n. So, either I can implement in frequency domain I can frequency domain transfer the h k then I can get take the time domain signal in frequency domain.
domain, multiply both and get the output and take the IDFT, get the input.
So, these are the two implementations, either frequency domain implementation or time domain implementation.
So, have you understand?
Either I can implement the filter in time domain or I can implement the filter in frequency domain.
Now, suppose I want to implement the filter in time domain or frequency domain or any domain when I want to implement.
how do you implement it FIR filter implementation.
So, suppose I have a long signal long signal is there there is a long signal if I want take the whole signal.
So, signal may be huge signal.
So, I do not want to take the whole signal at a time then what I have to do let us I have to cut the signal this portion and apply the filter here then the take the next chunk, next chunk, next chunk I can do that way.
Once I cut the filter what I am doing?
Whether I take the DFT or filter once I cut the cut the signal in a chunk that means, if this is x n I am multiplying x n with a window function which is 1 within the interval let us it is L minus 1 0 to L minus 1.
So, 0 to L minus 1 window function is a amplitude is 1.
1 after that it amplitude is 0 that is window function.
So, if it is 1 if it is this type of window I am not multiplying the signal with any function this is called rectangular window.
Now, once I do the rectangular window then my frequency response of the output frequency is y n y n if I take the y k.
is also Y k is also contain the frequency response of this window function.
So, I am not getting the exact frequency response only the filter and input signal, but also it is combined with window function frequency response.
That is why I will get the different kinds of repeal.
So, if you see different kind of window function are defined to reduce the different repeal stop band repeal and pass band repeal.
function and different kind of window function is defined that is called blackman window, hamming window, hanning window, kaiser window.
So, all every everybody has an window function that is multiply with the input signal and then convolve with the filter transfer function I get the output.
So, if I implement the filter, so this is the common window window frequency response if it is frequency response of the rectangular window if you see like this.
So, ripple is much more.
if I want to butter black man window frequency response is like the hamming window this, hanging window this.
So, most cases hanging window we are using if it is a refill is very less.
So, different window function has different kind of frequency response.
This frequency response will be combined with the frequency response of the signal and pass through the filter.
So, it is time domain multiplication that means window multiply with the signal in time domain.
So, frequency domain it will be convolution.
So, x k will be convolved with window function and then multiply with frequency response of the filter.
So, this is happening.
Details I will discuss when I discuss about the STFT short term frequency short term Fourier transform.
Now, if you see the example, example implementation for a time domain signal.
Suppose, I want to design a low pass filter cutoff frequency is omega c.
So, this is the frequency response of the filter.
So, user in implementation of filter user will provide the frequency response of the filter.
I have to design design if I want to if I want to design in time domain then I have to derive the time domain representation or time domain transfer function or time domain impulse response of the filter and then convert with the input signal.
So, if I do that I will get this kind of response.
and then I can implement it in time domain.
So, if you see the book there is a different so different window has different type of transition bandwidth and peak side lobe.
So, this is the ripple in peak side lobe and this is the transition bandwidth.
So, if I rectangular filter the order of the filter is m then transition bandwidth delta is nothing but a 4 pi by m. So, m is the order of the filter if it implement the filter in FIR way.
So, I said finite impulse response ideally and filter has an infinite impulse.
So, I truncated the infinite impulse to a finite number if it is m then m is called order of the filter.
Ideally if I want to design a low pass filter this is infinite impulse response once I truncated it I cannot get this half.
I should use which kind of window I should apply.
Next one, how do I implement a band pass filter?
So, suppose I implement a low pass filter up to 500 kilohertz, let us it is 500 hertz.
So, bandwidth is 500 hertz.
Now, I want to implement a band pass filter of 500 hertz bandwidth.
with the frequency between the 1.5 kilohertz to 2 kilohertz.
So, what I will do?
I will just shift this low pass filter to 1.5 kilohertz frequency so that I get this one.
Understand or not?
So, it is nothing but a frequency shifting of the low pass filter.
So, any band pass filter I can implement just implement the low pass filter of the desired bandwidth and shift here that frequency response.
where you want to implement the band pass filter.
Similarly, suppose I want to design a high pass filter of 1.5 kilohertz.
If the sampling frequency of the signal is 8 kilohertz, then in frequency scale, what is the maximum signal?
Up to 8 kilohertz I can get.
Baseband signal is 4 kilohertz again.
Even I can get the baseband signal is 4 kilohertz.
So, it is nothing but a band pass filter.
1.5 kilohertz to 4 kilohertz.
So, I design that filter and shifted at 1.5 kilohertz, I get the high cost filter.
So, that way I can design the filter.
Digital filter design I am not going here because that you can that is prerequisite of this course that if you want to know the digital filter design, digital signal processing you have to study.
I just give you some concept of the or you can say that this is overview of DSP.
So, how to implement an IIR filter there is a lot of methodology are there.
I can take that derive that filter transfer function in S domain then go to the bilinear transformation to make it Z domain and once I get the Z domain transfer function I can use a discrete system to design that transfer function.
So, that way we can implement.
So, this is the prerequisite part which I will be referred many times during the speech processing class.
So, this is the overview of DSP.
Please go through these slides if it is there is a suppose you do not cover the DSP.
then if you do not understand the particular point then you read that dsp book proakis banalokis or whatever ah digital signal parsing book you can read and also you can post that i am not understand this portion then i will help whatever way i can do because if i just consider the dsp then i am not able to complete the speech part so i am just truncated that just i just for summarize the dsp required dsp things in here and some dsp also i require higher end dsp signal signal signal parsing algorithm i will be used and that time I will describe that things when I will use them.
So, thank you.
Good morning.
So, let us start with that, start with the course that first class we have explained that introduction of the speech processing that things and second class recording Now, if you record a speech and if you just display the speech it will look like this if you see here this portion I have not spoken anything this portion let us I started spoken this is called unvoiced sound some noisy sound may be there then there is a voice sound is generated.
So, normally in speech I can three part one is silence one is unvoiced another one is a voiced.
So, silence means when I am not taking anything nothing is coming out from the mouth.
is a silence part, then there may be a unvoiced expression will be there or friction will be there and there will be a voice sound.
Now how do I produce this kind of sound and how do I what the meaning how when I communicate a message what kind of different voice sound and different silence and different unvoiced sounds I have produced that you do not know that things.
So that is the speech production system how the different kind of sound is produced by the human being.
Now if you take the basic definition, somebody will ask you what is speech?
What is speech?
Speech is a composed of a sequence of sound.
Speech is nothing but a sound.
Speech is not signal or not kind of things.
So human being use speech to communicate message from one person to another person.
So it may be transmitted to electronics media or what kind of that is different business.
So speech is a composed of a sequence of sound which is produced by the speech.
human vocal cords now once i say sound what is sound what kinds of sound sounds or phonemes serve as a symbolic representation of information to share between human being if i say i want to communicate a message from one human being to another human being or human being to machine or machine to machine in that case what i required The speech is a composition of different sound.
Now what is sound?
Sound serves a symbolic representation of information which I want to communicate.
That information has to be symbolically represent so that it can understand by the listeners.
So arrangement of sound or phoneme, sound is called phoneme, basic unit of sound is called phoneme.
And it should not be haphazardly arranged.
It should be arranged in some specific manner which govern by the language rule so that the listeners can understand.
Suppose if I say Kolkata, if I say Kolkata, let us there is a sound Kolkata, ko, ko, o, lo, ko, a, ta, to and a, all the sounds are there.
So, ko is a sound, o is a sound.
then law is a sounds, again co is a sounds, then again a is a sounds, then again to is a sounds, then again a is a sounds.
So, if those sounds are pronounced or composed in a sequence, so that then a message that I am saying Kolkata is transmitted from talker to listener and those.
of sounds are governed by the language rule i cannot compose ok la la then ko any arbitrary composition will not make any sense although individual sound has a sense and this composition is governed by the language rule ok if i say japanese chinese suppose i dont know if some speaker spoken chinese he is speaking the sounds in a sound composition may be some of the sound i know but i do not intend or i cannot identify the intended message he want to communicate because we dont know the language rule by which the sequence of sounds are arranged that is linguistics so linguistics is the study of the rule of those rule how do i human being produce different sequence of sound to communicate different kinds of message there may be different kind of things different kind of you can say the different kind of rules are applicable for rules may vary from language to language so discipline which study those things is called linguistics then how the different sound is produced or study of the individual sounds is called phonetics.
Suppose, co this is individual sound, so sound of individual sounds that study is called phonetics.
How the sounds are governed by the rule language rule for making the valid composition is the study of language that is called linguistics.
Here I am explain the details of the phonetics.
So, it is produced by a human being in an acoustic waveform.
So, I will cover the acoustic phonetics and articulatory phonetics.
Once the sound is coming in the air, it is the acoustic.
So, I have to know the acoustic part of the phonetics and how we produce the different sound using this vocal track is the articulatory phonetics.
So, the phonetics has two parts.
phonetics one is called acoustic phonetics another is called articulatory phonetics so i will details cover those things because we have to understand the sound but composition of sound in the study of linguistics so there may be a phonology there may be a language rule grammar and there may be a some kind of arrangement pragmatic paralinguistics linguistics all kinds of rules will be there ok now let us look how the human track look like this is the x-ray of human vocal this whole whole whole systems x-ray whole systems there is a vocal cords and there is a tube articulatory tube whole system x-ray is look like this if i take the mri this is taken from ah professor sinaran so if you see that mri of the human vocal track which look like this this is the lip then there is a tongue whose lip tip of the tongue is open back portion is closed then there will be a vocal cord here.
So, if I schematically represent this thing it will look like lip then tongue tip of the tongue is open and back the bottom is closed bottom is fixed with the lower jaw then this is the palate then there is a velum because we have a nasal cavity and we have a oral cavity.
So, velum may be closed or velum may be open then there will be a pharyngeal walls discreetly Now, if I take the schematic representation of the speech production system, it will look like this.
How the speech is produced by human being?
This is schematic representation.
So, there is a lungs.
So, what is the source of the sound?
If you see, forget about the speech, the source of sound is nothing but a vibration.
If I want to generate a sound, sound is nothing but a mechanical oscillation.
So, it is nothing but a mechanical oscillation.
So, a mechanical body is vibrating and sound is acoustics wave is generated.
Now, vibration of mechanical body require external force.
I require a force to vibrate the body.
Now, if you see if I have a membrane connect a membrane if I pass the air very thin membrane is closed and if I pass air in force the membrane will vibrate.
and sound will be produced in childhood if you see the kite which is flying in the sky and there is a some membrane is attached and membrane is vibrating in the air and producing a sound this is childhood ah in india people are use that things so there is a source of you can say the source external force is required so during the speech production the lungs when i take the ah the air inhale and i gradually exalted that air and produce different sound by constructing the different location of the tube.
So, lungs produce or give the air pressure which is required to the production of sound.
So, this is the force and once this lungs press the air to upwards there is a vocal chord.
So, vocal chords are generally open when you take inhale.
If I want to speak something the vocal cords are has to be closed if it is open no sound so sound there is no sound is coming from the mouth so if it is vocal cord is closed then when the air is passing through the vocal cords it is a membrane and if the membrane is exposed to a high velocity of air so the that that create that vibration in the membrane so that vibration cause the sound and pass through the cavity now if i say tongue We have a tongue, tongue separate the cavity in two part, one is called back cavity, one is the front cavity.
And we have a vellum, if you see the vellum either vellum can be closed or vellum can be open.
If vellum is open and oral cavity is closed, then the air will passes through the nose, so nasal cavity is involved.
If the vellum is closed, the sound is only passed through the mouth that is called mouth.
oral cavity.
So, if there is that is a two kinds of sound either vellum may be closed or open if vellum is open then the sounds become nasal because nasal cavity is involved.
If the vellum is open a closed then nasal cavity is destruct from that cavity then it is called oral sound.
So, the sound is produced using this mechanism lungs create the pressure, pressure goes upward.
If the vocal cords are closed then the vibration will produce and that vibration create the sound and that sound is modified depending on the tube structure when it passes through the tube.
So I can say in human speech production system has a two part, one is the source here the source of sound is vocal cords and lungs only the provide the pressure.
So one is the source.
And once the sound is produced that source is passes through the cavity or you can the tube this tube and its modify to create the different count kinds of sound.
Once the source create the sound when it is passes through the cavity depending on the structure of this tube its modify and it produce different kinds of sound.
So I have a source and I have a tube this is the two two part of the sound production so now goes to the source what is how the what is vocal cords how it is look like if you see the vocal cords is look like this this picture now if you see that air is coming from the lungs if the vocal cord is closed then the air air air is flow air flow will be obstructed and the velocity of the air will be will be different different because air pressure in here will be increased air pressure will be decreased once it is little bit of open there will process through this vocal vocal cords and create the vibration So, that is the sound this is the original picture or you can say that is the endoscopy picture of the vocal cord.
This is the closed position of the vocal cord, this is the open position of the vocal cord.
So, this is the vocal cord structure, this is the closed position, this is the open position.
Now, if you see the vocal cords is closed it is not like a this thyroid movement.
One end of the vocal cord is always fixed and it is closed and open in the other end.
And that creates the sound.
So, now if I take the schematic structure of this, this will look like this.
So, different cartilage and close this either.
So, movement of the vocal cords depend on the muscle movement.
Now, one end is closed, this end vocal cord is closed and this end is the back end is open.
Now, once either it can be closed either or it will be totally open.
So, there is no sound breathing.
if it is closed voiced if it is slightly if it is open but the tube can produce a noise kind of sound that is called unvoiced sound ok.
So, unvoiced voiced and silence region I have seen in the first slides in here.
Now, if I see the glottal flow how the air is flow in the glottis.
So, once the vocal cord is closed if the vocal cord is closed no air can flow.
So, either it is gradually open.
os closed once its closed air flow stopped and once Mehran opened one flow it increases and increases and again it is a decreases decreases so this is a flow diagram air flow increases and again decreases and closed page again it is open and again it is closed so i can say either of complete open to open is a period or close to close is a period ok and if i take the difference of the flow which create so difference of the flow will create the sound vibration so difference if i differentiate this thing it will be look like this which create the vocal cord vibration so this is the differentiation of the flow now if you see that this tip to this tip is a period ok either close to close is a period or open to open is a period ok.
So, this is source I can show you the diagram in here this is called engineering model of the source.
So, how do the how what is the engineering model if you see this is the lungs ok. Now, vocal cords any mechanical vibration is not any sound production of the sound is nothing, but a mechanical vibration.
So, what is the what is the form of a mechanical oscillator there is a spring.
there is a mass and there is a mechanical damping.
This is the mass, this is the spring constant S and this is the mechanical damping R m. So, air acts as a force on this mechanical oscillation.
So, I can say two vocal cords can be act as a mechanical oscillator and that oscillate by the force which is coming from the lungs ok and that is u g if you see the u g mechanical oscillation produce the acoustics wave so acoustics wave has a volume velocity and is a pressure wave it has a volume velocity ok so it is a volume velocity u g particle velocity and from you can multiply for fixed unit fixed volume is a volume velocity ok now u g is the air flow velocity volume velocity will come through this different vocal tract shape ok so now if you see that whole track the source is nothing but a mechanical oscillator it create the vibration once it create mechanical oscillator its create the vibration lets it has create the vibration is term of impulse so source can be model using a impulse source.
Now, this has to be passes through this tube, this is a tube.
Now tube can form different structure using the tongue, lip and velum movement.
Now if you see I can move the tongue in upward, I can back of the tongue can be raised, tongue tip can be touches in the upper palate.
So, when we speak if you see the upper palate is fixed, lower palate upper this upper portion is fixed upper palate is fixed.
Now lower portion lower jaw upper jaw is fixed and lower jaw is moving if you see.
So, I can move the either lip I can close the lip I can open the lip or I can move the tongue to divide the cavity in different structures.
So, I can say when this vibration.
through a different kinds of tube structure can produce different kind of sound cascading tube.
So, if I consider that things then I can say this is the source of the sound production and that source sound is passes through the different structure of the cavity and different time to produce the different kind of sound sequence.
So, I can say that source is a impulse response that can be passes through a filter depending on the filter structures different sound can be generated.
So, in engineering model or human production system if I see it is a source filter model.
So, vocal code is producing the source which is nothing but a impulse either sound is present.
or sound is absent either source can be present or source can be absent then it is passes through a filter this is time varying filter different time structure of the tube will be different to produce different kind of sound let this is ascent or this is speech So, digital circuits will come later on.
So, I can say whole human speech production system can be modeled using a source filter model.
So, in I can say I can study the source or I can study the filter combine the both I will get the speech.
So, who produce different kind of sound depending on the structure of the filter source either source vocal vocal cord can vibrate or vocal cord without vibration.
So, either source can be present that is called voice sound either source can be absent that is called un voice sound or voice sound when is produced when it pass through the filter it can produce the different kind of voice sound different kind of voice speech.
Now if I see the I will come this one again I will come when I talk about the tube modeling, but here I will explain.
So, excitation impulse is nothing but a excitation parameters excitation is generated and that excitation part of the going to the linear time varying system filter and I get the speech.
So, this filter I have to model.
this excitation part I have to model ok now if I say what are the properties of this source if you see if it is impulse then it has a period impulse is a period so which is the fundamental frequency of the source human being also has a fundamental frequency of the speech is a quasi periodic signal it is not exactly periodic So, human being also produce different kind of this source fundamental frequency depending on the requirement.
When we speak we never speak in a single fundamental frequency that will become too mechanical to hearing.
So, fundamental frequency are gradually moving to provide the melody on the speech.
Think about singing filter produce the different sound for content purpose.
but melody is defined by the source itself if you singing think about the singing the control of the fundamental frequency all the notes are nothing but a movement of the fundamental frequency so those controlling of the fundamental frequency is generated by the source so movement of the vocal chords i will discuss how this vocal chord movement how the vocal chord produce different fundamental frequency to by varying the tension of the vocal chord and position of the vocal chord so that is i will discuss in later class in during the modeling so movement of the vocal chord tension can change by two types one is called forward and backward movement one is vertical movement so if the source or fundamental frequency is the property so fundamental frequency is the property of the source and filter responsible for producing different kind of sound.
So, if you know the digital filter, how the digital filter is characterized depending on the frequency response.
So, if I say the digital filter is represented by H s, you know the Laplace transform H s or you can say the H n whatever H s represent the frequency response of the filter.
So, if the frequency response of the filter is look like this and the source is passing.
but the impulse response contain all the fundamental frequency all the frequency less same height and this is the you can say time and this is the frequency sorry this is the this is the this is the frequency and this is the power this is the frequency this is the power so as per the signal processing model when the source is passes through a filter source that signal will convolve with the filter signal to produce the speech in frequency domain convolution is nothing but a multiplication so if i say in signal little bit of signal forcing if i if i apply here if i say source is nothing but a e t and filter is nothing but a h t ok so output speech is s t so s t is nothing but a h t convolve with with e t if i take the laplace transform in frequency domain or z transform let us take the laplace transform then s s laplace domain is nothing but a h s multiply by s so frequency response of the filter will be multiply with the frequency response of the source and produce the speech so different sound is responsible by the filter source is responsible either there will be a voicing or there will be a no voicing either there will be a voicing signal or there will be a no voicing so response so this is nothing but a multiplication ok but source provide the fundamental frequency of the speech so in case of singing when you say char node char a gamma path so actually you are controlling the the fundamental frequency of the vocal chords.
So, the controlling of the fundamental frequency which is I will talk about the prosody modeling part, I will details mathematical explanation I will given that how this fundamental frequency of the vocal chords can be changed.
Now, if you see the singers are practicing in morning to touching up the some or you can see the comment like that you have your upper note is not that clear lower note is clear what is meaning, meaning is that the changing of the fundamental frequency.
from lower to high or high to low so upper node and lower node that changing or controlling of the this vocal chord is important so you are practicing controlling of the vocal chords by so that you can touch the perfect node ok during the speaking also we change this vocal chord fundamental frequency with respect to time to provide the melody on the speech ok now some fact if you see so sound source and sound has a filter so acoustic the acoustics of male and female vowel differ reliably along it to different dimension so sound can be this s t is depends on the source and depends on the filter source if it is voice sound source is exist and source provide the fundamental frequency and filter modify that source and produce different voice sounds that may be vowel or that may be a voice consonant also ok.
So, it is not necessary it will be vowel it may be a consonant voice consonant also.
So, source modify by the filter producing different kind of sound.
So, fundamental frequency or F 0 sometime we say pitch F 0 is sometime defined as pitch but pitch is a perceptual dimension parameter F 0.
is the physical dimension of the parameter f 0 can be measured but pitch is perceptual which cannot be measured ok so f 0 f 0 of the source depend on the source and different sounds which depend by the filter so if i say the human being different human being now male versus female male versus female if you see f 0 depend on the vocal cord length vocal cord mass those two things if you see the vocal cord is close descent if the length of the vocal cord is increases what will happen the fundamental frequency will be decreases if the mass of the vocal cord is increases fundamental frequency will be decreases if you see the drum huge membrane drum mass length is increase area is increases fundamental frequency is decreases if you take a short membrane if sound then fundamental frequency will be increased so for a woman since the vocal chord length is shorter their fundamental frequency is higher if you see the woman singer they say the your base scale is b sharp what do you mean by b sharp average fundamental frequency in the level of the average fundamental frequency so if it is woman then the higher the f 0 f 0 average f 0 will be very high not compared to male but for a male since the vocal cord length is longer the fundamental frequency is shorter means average low average is lower so average fundamental frequency for a male is lower than the average fundamental frequency of female then filter so filter depends on the characteristics of its frequency response now if i say h s is a transfer function of the filter if you are electronic students you know electronic or electrical students or you know signal pausing then h s is nothing but a system functions so that systems depend on what system has a property some pole and zero so from there i will define that formant frequency in the next class so that is called formant or resonance frequency based on the resonant frequency different sound is I will explain in the next class what do you mean by pole and resonance frequency.
So, those is speech it is called formant.
So, in case of woman since the length of the vocal chord is shorter the formant frequency is little bit of higher longer in case of man.
So, formant frequency is little bit of lower.
So, that is the difference between the male and female speech.
If it is child.
the fundamental frequency much more higher because the length of the vocal cord is much shorter and the formant frequency will be higher because the length of the vocal cord is shorter so i can say that formant frequency depends on length of the vocal tract and also other some properties we will discuss later on when we model this vocal tract so if the length is increases the formant frequency will be different so i can say If average if I can say personalize the speech means my vocal cord or vocal this length of this ah vocal track or you can say length of this tube may not be exactly equal to other person.
So, if it is not equal then I should have a form and structure which will be different from the other people.
So, there may be some information exists from which I can identify the person.
So, I can exploit that information to recognize the biometric or biometric signature of the person.
Similarly, shows vocal cords, my vocal cords length and weight will be different from somebody else.
So, there may be a some parameter exist here also by which I can identify the person.
So, biometric signature.
So, welcome welcome all.
So, this course is digital speech processing.
So, I will take this course in twenty hours that that means that half twenty hours lectures.
and this course mainly design for ah speech part not that ah soft computing and that part so this course you do not expect that i will taught about that h m m or i can taught about that deep learning those things i will not cover in this course this course mainly i covered the ah scientific or you can scientific aspects of the speech and how those speech can be digitized what kind of digital setup we should use how do you locate the different kind of speech signal in that recording.
So, all kinds of those things will be taught in this course.
So, if you see the course coverage, the course coverage mainly covered if you see all are on the aspects of the speech signal aspects, not that the aspects of soft computing and developing a system that kind of things.
But yes at the end of the course, I should cover some of the portions or some of the important speech processing application like that TTS, ASR many people are talking about the TTS and ASR.
But, I am believing that not only the TTSSR, there is a other kinds of speech application also like that second language acquisition, action conversion all kinds of things.
So, those we will discuss, I will discuss at the end of the course that whatever the speech processing we have done entire course, what is the main application of those kind of information in this course.
So, what I expect from the every learner that not that cover.
the course.
From the learner's perspective, as a learner of the course of digital speech processing, at the end of the whole course, you should able to do following this course objective.
What is the course objective?
First is categorize and label the different speech sound for a given speech signal based on the spectrographic view and time domain speech view.
So, not all those things are written in the slides.
I can say something on the here also so you see that categorize and label the different speech sound for a given speech signal based on the spectrographic view or time domain signal view so what I expect from the learner that what once I completed the course the learner should able to do or learner should able to categorize suppose I give you a speech signal and I told you to records a speech signal as your name.
you record your name you should able to record that ah that speech in a computer using a computer then using some ah you can say that open source softwares there are many speech processing softwares which are available using those software you should able to view the spectrogram and time domain signal and level the different speech signal point so for example suppose i say the level that a consonant to vowel or stop consonant to vowel transition so those things you will learn here how do i level which is top concern what is look like in speech domain and what is the transitory part what is content so those things you learn this course and you should able to use that knowledge for a labeling the speech signal for a given or of a given speech signal whatever i said that you can so in examination also i will sometimes i give you a spectrogram and told you that identify the words based on the manner of articulation of the speech so i can expect that you should develop a skill not that theory what is top concern what is articulatory place of that velar that palatal not all kind of things but given a speech signal i should able to categorize and level the speech signal next one explain the psychoacoustics and psycho or you can say the psychoacoustics properties of speech perception and speech production.
That is not that much of skill oriented things, but yes you should know what is the how the speech is produced and how the speech is perceived.
So there is a lot of problem I will solve using the speech perception and speech production.
Next one is suppose you know that this is a speech production mechanism that here the speech is produced using the vocal cords and there is a tube.
You should have experience with that.
If you see the float, I can use the float and pressing the different hole and I can create the different kind of sound.
So, how a human being can produce different kinds of sound using this vocal track?
So, this is a tube and there is a vocal cords which is vibrate and create the sound.
If you see the sun eye or if you see there is a membrane things in the beginning and there is a long tube.
to produce the different kind of sound.
So, using the uniform tube model, speech sound production and implementation of it using the signal parsing you should able to do.
So, I should explain how to model that this human vocal cords and how it should be implemented using the digital signal parsing techniques.
So, some part of digital signal parsing I will cover, but that I am assuming.
that you should know the basic part of digital signal processing.
So, using those principles, I should able to implement that human vocal track, that uniform tube model and I mathematically model also.
Next one, extract the fundamental frequency or different kind of speech parameters.
Why I require?
If you see, what is the purpose of this course?
If I say ask you, what is the purpose of studying the digital speech processing?
What is the subject?
But what is the purpose?
If you see today in modern scenario or you can say 21st century, there is a lot of research in speech domain.
Why?
Because if you think the human speech is the main communication media.
Let us take a scenario, even a person does not know the script or you can say the literate, you can say that he does not know the script, he does not know the grammar.
but he can speak effectively he can speak so i can say the speak is the speech is the common natural mode of communication among the human being even speech is the sound is the communication among that any live things or you can think about that also so but if you see consider the human being speech is the most you can say the most easiest or you can every people use the speech mode communication or most natural communication medium.
So, what scientist want?
Scientist want can machine will act like a human being.
Today there is a lot of artificial intelligence, lot of soft computing, lots of human intelligence we talk about.
Now, scientist are trying to develop that can I develop an algorithm or can I develop an systems by which a human being can talk to a machine.
Think about an application, suppose you go to the railway stations to buy a ticket.
So, instead of giving instruction to the machine by dialing 1, 2, 3, if you want this dial 1, dial 2 kind of things you can replace with the kiosk with the speech mode.
I want to buy a ticket for Kharagpur to Havda, I just told to the computer, computer give me the ticket and then computer how much money, the computer give you this amount of money, give you the money.
lot of this kind of spontaneous communication is required.
Another if you think there is a lot of other aspects speech communication think about the security, biometric speech speech can be used for one of the biometric for the human being that is why the speaker verification, speaker recognition, human voice identity all kinds of business are going on because speech carries the speaker biometric because every speaker produce the speech to communicate the information.
During the production, he impose some signature of that person also.
So, that kind of things is going on.
Similarly, other communication, think about the pure communication thing, forget about this kind of technology.
That human communication, telephone, I want to send a voice from one point to another point.
Now, how can I today, if you see that today is that IP based communication, I want that this channel cost is so high.
So, can I reduce the channel cost, reduce the bandwidth.
So, all kind of things we want to do.
So, that is all speech coding.
How do I develop an efficient algorithm so that with a minimum cost I can transfer a signal speech signal from here to here in a real time situation.
So, I want some kind of algorithm or compression kind of things which can compress my speech and transfer that things.
Think about that audio CD, audio CD, think music CD or you can say that vocalist that song CD.
Earlier a CD can contain 7 to 10 songs if it is stored in original format.
Now think about MP3, a compression technique, speech coding compression technique.
MP3, I can compress 160 songs in single CD.
So, speech coding is also another aspect.
So, while I doing the speech based any kinds of application, the first thing is that I have to know the speech, what the scientific aspects of the speech.
how it is behave like that.
So, all kinds of things we have to know.
So, the course aim is not to deal with that sub computing or those things, deal with that what is speech, how it is produced, which features I should exploit to develop the speech base application, which features carries what kind of information, what do how the human being produce the speech, how the human being perceive the speech, all kinds of things will be converted.
So, in this course I will cover the extraction of different speech parameters, details I will discuss during the speech parameter extraction, what do you mean by parameter and what kind of parameter you think is suitable.
So, those kind of things we will discuss, there is a signal processing algorithm, we use those algorithm, why we use this algorithm is very important.
Do not read anything which is just this has written, I have read it, I copied it and give the exam not this, why this is important is very important.
As an engineer or as a scientist, you should know why I am doing this thing.
So, different kind of speech parameter extraction, I will explain this parameter extraction algorithms are available in the book.
If you I have referred to books, you know that and you can go to those books, the all kinds of algorithm are explained.
But in the class, what I explain that why we are doing this kind of parameter, what is the advantage, what is the disadvantage, those kinds of things I will cover in this class.
There is a lot of segmental speech work is done.
If you see the TTS, most of the TTS are in Indian language.
I have developed one TTS in Indian language using different method.
I will explain that also, but it is not as like natural as human being.
So what we are missing is that speech prosodi.
So today if you heard any speech scientist, any speech lab, if you go there, lot of people are working on speech prosodi.
How, what do you mean by speech prosody and there is a different application also speech prosody.
Suppose, I give you one example that I have seen like this is very important may be very important research problem also think about that I have since I am dealing I am I am part of an center for education technology.
So, I have seen many lecture video which are recorded and even if foreign lecture video also I have seen which are recorded.
But if you find there is a difficulty of understanding of the speech of different language speaker, even all speakers are saying in the same let us English language.
Suppose a Japanese people is giving a lecture on English language and a Chinese people also giving a lecture on English language and I am sitting there, but I am not understanding fully his English, his or her English.
Because it is come with the Japanese accent all kind of because if it is not the first language of English is not first language of the Japanese speaker.
Suppose I am seeing a lectures of a our North Indian people or our South Indian people their English is little bit of different from the Bengali even my English may not be 100 percent understand or 100 percent you can say the intelligibility of that English is not that good if you suppose you are a speaker of American English when you listen this English you said this intelligibility of the speech is not that good.
Now, think can I make a device, I am saying in Bengali English and it convert to let us American English, American Accented English.
So, intelligibility of the speech is increased.
Think about I have developed a systems and I am watch the system in here.
So, when you download the lectures and when you listen them English, accent of the English is converted as per your preference.
So, that kind I am not saying that language transformation, somebody is giving a lecture in English, I am listening in Bengali, I am not saying speech to speech conversion, I am saying simple action conversion that I am speaking in a Bengali accented speech, some American speaker listening it in a American accented speech.
Same things an American speaker giving a lectures in American accented language, I want to listen in Bengali accented language.
So, those kind of.
tremendous kind of application.
Second language acquisition also there is some application of speech kind of things.
So, even if speech research, I will told that ASR, lot of people are doing research in ASR, automatic speech recognition.
And if you worry about that, there is a HMM model, hidden Markov tool, Krismith model, where people are saying that now people are saying that this model is not sufficient for those language.
which resource is very less resource constant language.
So, what kind of alternative speech technology I can develop which is use the speech science.
So, that I can think about new kind of model like that exploitation of speech prosody in ASR is a much more you can say the serious research which is going on by different group of people are doing it.
So, those kind of lot of speech applications are you can say the thing about in your mind and you have to develop some expertise or some skill on speech itself.
So, that you can think about what kind of algorithm or technology or sub computing algorithm I have to use to do this kind of things.
So, this part I will this.
So, if you see the my course outcome or course objective I have never written the sub computing part.
So, I am not covering on that part.
So, that part may be covered in the other subject.
Now, since it is introduction class, let us talk about that how human being produce speech.
So, there is a suppose I am giving a lectures, I am producing the speech, but what kind of activity is going on in my body to production of this kind of speech.
So, if you see the slides, you can close look in the slides also, the slides will be shared to you.
That what is happening once I want to speak some message formulation is happening in our mind.
And so what is happening if I want to speak a sentence what I want to say that is created that is come from our mind and that is called message planning.
Once the message planning done then it goes to the language model what kind of language code we should use if it is Bengali then the words will be selected if it is English.
some other words will be selected.
And based on the linguistic that is called linguistic information, linguistic coding it will come to neuro muscular action.
So, that coding has to be executed by a human vocal cord.
So, different kind of muscle has to be activities involved.
So, muscle command that is neuro muscular action command will be generated and that command will goes to the this whole function body and this has a two part one is called source.
and one is called muscular action or acoustic system and to produce the different kind of speech.
So, message planning then the linguistics part.
So, if I explain this one in a block diagram basis.
So, message planning that is the rule of grammar, what kind of word I should say, which is verb.
This is unknowingly without grammar I can produce the speech.
So, grammar is not important to generate the message planning.
The person who does not know the language, he can also speak in the same language.
So, this is although it is a rule of grammar, it is automatic.
So, grammar is not primary criteria.
Grammar is discovered by us to explain the phenomena of what message planning is going on.
So, speech message planning which is lexical, syntactic, semantic and pragmatic.
Then come to the rule of prosody, utterance planning.
How I produce the speech?
I can produce this very excited manner, I can produce the very low manner.
I may be very sad.
So, those kinds of prosody planning will come here, utterance planning.
Then motor command will be generated and speech production system will produce the speech.
If you see in message planning, lexical, syntactic, semantic, pragmatic.
Then if you see the utterance planning, paralinguistic, intention, attitude, stylistic, every human being has a different kind of speech styles.
Then non-linguistic parameters also there, which is common in the motor and utterance planning also.
If you see the physiological problem also there, somebody has a very thick vocal cords and very short kind of things.
So, he can produce a very bias which is very, the fundamental frequency is very low and somebody has a different kind of style of speaking.
Somebody has a stammering problem.
So, all are come from here motor command generation that planning and then the speech is produced.
So, once the speech is produced.
This is radiated either from the mouth or from the nose.
Once I have produced the sound using this vocal cord, if you see there is a vellum inside it, details I will discuss.
And either the vellum will be closed or open.
If vellum is closed, some part of sound will come to the nasal cavity or if the oral cavity is completely closed, so it will come to the nasal cavity.
If the nasal cavity is completely closed, it will come to the oral cavity.
So, it is radiated.
So, acoustics which is generated in here.
It is radiated from our mouth or nose cavity and propagated in a acoustics wave.
That is why it is called speech acoustics and important.
So speech is produced by a human being.
So the acoustics wave is travel in the medium.
You know that acoustic wave cannot travel without the medium.
So acoustics wave come in the medium and transmitted.
So once the acoustic wave is transmitted, a listener who present to listen that voice, the acoustic wave strike is in ear system.
So, hearing system is there.
So, the acoustic wave is there.
So, now from there the acoustic wave has to be converted to the again neural signal.
Then again neural signal has to be fired the language code and language code from the language code brain decipher the intended meaning or intended message of the.
speaker.
So, listeners is again try to find out what the speaker want to communicate.
Now, if you see this is the process, but this process you can say there is a lot of optimization is possible means that human being has a tradition that in biological system we always conserve the energy.
So, suppose I have speaking to some students and once I see his gesture or once I realize he is tuned with the same topic.
lot of message planning done which is very short or you can say that the planning complete message or complete linguistically complete message is not required to transmit to the listeners.
So, it may not be a linguistically correct sentence or linguistically correct words or whole words I may have not spoken, but listeners understand.
So, once the listeners understand speaker will say that my purpose is.
complete.
So, I do not want to produce the whole sentence.
So, this kind of vulnerability that how this optimization is how this can be tackled in speech science that is also important aspects.
So, this is the speech production and perception mechanism of the human being.
The details I will cover in the following lectures.
Now, if I think about the engineering aspects, so a human being, so if I see the engineering aspect that person speaking.
in the speech or you can say that I have generated the acoustic wave from my mouth.
Now, suppose this acoustic wave I want to transmit from this point to this point and these two points are far away where this acoustic signal cannot reach here.
Have you understand?
Suppose, I am speaking in this room, the persons who are sitting in this room can be audible.
But suppose you are sitting in your home, you want to listen the same acoustic wave.
So, I have to take the help of So, what kind of technology?
So, I have spoken the speaker is radiated the speech in acoustic wave.
Now, I have to use the communication technology which is electrical communication technology.
So, somehow I have to convert this speech acoustical wave to an electrical signal and transmit the electrical signal and this side I have to convert the electrical signal to the acoustics wave.
So, that is why Conversion from acoustic wave to the electrical signal is microphone and conversion from the electrical signal to the acoustic wave is the loudspeaker.
So this is the mechanism I can say that I can transmit the speech from one point to another point.
So now I can deal with this electrical signal whatever the coding technology all kinds of things I can do with this.
That is why I say it is digital speech processing.
I am not saying that the speech processing in analog domain.
I said digital speech processing.
Once I take this electrical signal in digital domain, what kind of processing we should use so that we can develop different kind of technology.
So, if you see this slide, the source of information is the speaker, human speaker.
Then measurement or observation, this acoustic waveform has to be converted to the you can say the acoustic waveform has taken and observation has been done.
Then the signal representation has to be done signal parsing then again human listeners I have to model the human listeners.
So, that now if you see that technology I want to replace this speaker.
So, I say the message planning to acoustic wave generation that has to be done by a machine.
So, I can say it is text.
or idea to acoustic wave.
Here, I want a machine which can convert that the signal which is coming here or acoustic wave to understanding of the speaker's message.
So, this kind it is not yes or I do not say it is automatic speech recognition, here understanding also is a part.
Here also this speaker modeling is not that he just read a text.
Once you talk, you do not read the text, we understand the text and generate that text using a acoustic wave.
So, lot of things are there, I will discuss on that those things.
So, those kind of technology, so either technology should be here, technology should be here or technology should be here.
So, all kinds of speech technology we have to develop.
To develop those kind of technology, we should know what is speech and how it is produced.
Now, if you see, so speech processing is involved different, you can say the dimension or you can say the different discipline.
to work in speech processing.
So, if you say the language communication, so different kind of dimension.
So, speech processing involves algorithm, it is psychoacoustic, room acoustic, speech production, acoustic part, then information theory part, phonetics part, signal processing part, statistical signal processing, entropy, all kind of multidisciplinary action has been involved in developing the speech technology.
I will cover some of the disciplines, not all the disciplines.
So, some of the disciplines I will cover mainly focused on acoustics part of the speech and phonetics, acoustics and phonetics and signal processing part of the speech.
So, thank you.
So, next lectures I will discuss how to record the speech, because before you go to anything on speech processing, you should know how do I record my speech and how do I see it in my laptops or computer.
Whatever I say you can play with it because I say that it is not a theory type of class that I read this class and read this definition and give the exam not this developed and skill after seeing the speech I can able to say this probably the voice signal and it is coming from this region.
So, those kind of expertise I want.
Thank you.
Welcome back.
So, this lecture is deal with the digitization and recording.
What I will tell you is, before you go to the any speech of this kind of things, you have to have a I should you should familiar how to record the speech many people know that how to record the speech, but at least some ah you can say the skill kind of things I will explain here not details of digitization details of that kind of things I will not clear, but ok some what do you mean by digitization or kind of things I should explain.
So, if you see the normal human hearing is 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz you know that and human speech is 50 hertz to 8 kilo 800 or 8 kilohertz.
and standard phone circuits or telephone speech is 300 hertz to 3 kilohertz or 3.3 kilohertz sometimes say 3.3 kilohertz ok so this is the bandwidth of the human speech normal human speech 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz ok now what i want that i want the digitization of the speech what i said that speech is in acoustic speech whatever the human being is produce that human speech is in acoustic wave.
So, once the human being produce the speech to any kind of speech processing, I should have to digitize the speech because we said the digital speech processing.
So, I say something I have to converted that acoustic wave to digital speech domain.
First analog signal then analog to digital conversion.
So, what we do that we use a microphone and amplifier.
amplifier and then microphone amplifier then analog to digital conversion to convert the acoustics wave to a digital signal in this speech.
So, how do you do that?
You know that this is the basic theory.
This is called sampling theory that sampling frequency, this is the complete circuits that this is the normal DSP systems.
So, I can say analog speech do not I am not details with the details of this every blocks.
So, those are the signal processing domain.
But, you should know what is there in computer.
So, there is a analog speech which is coming from the microphone may be converted to the going to the NTLizing filter, then sampling hold, then ADC analog to digital conversion, then we do the required signal processing.
Then again if I say the human being human listeners cannot listen that electrical signal.
Again I have to convert that electrical or digital signal to analog signal and analog signal should be play in a loud speaker.
to produce the acoustic wave.
Now, sampling frequency analog to digital conversion, sampling frequency is one of the important issue.
So, basically what it is?
It is that may be some of you are there who do not know the digital signal passing or analog to digital conversion.
So, just I explain the very briefly that one.
So, let us x a t is a time domain signal.
What do you mean by time domain signal?
Here is the time and here is the amplitude.
So, the signal is varying like this way.
So, that is time domain representation of the signal, analog signal.
So, analog signal is continuous.
If you see, it is a continuous signal.
Now, I want to convert this signal to a digital signal, which is x n. I convert this same signal to an analog digital signal, which is x n. Instead of x t, I convert to x n number.
What is nothing but a, so digital signal is nothing but a integer number.
So, how do you do it?
First, there is a time which is continuous.
I have to convert this time to a some instant with a fixed interval that is delta t. So, I can say that I am taking the x a t as a sample.
or I can think about a switch that suppose this is a switching circuits I there is a x a t is going on I am closing the switch with a frequency with a duration of delta t. So, for this delta t I take the signal then again I have take the signal here I take the signal in here I take the signal in here take the signal in here.
So, what I am doing I am converting the continuous t with a n t with a duration of delta t.
delta t. So, n delta t. So, n 0 that means here, 1 means here, 2 means here, 3 means here, 4 means here, 5 means here.
So, if I think about the frequency representation of this delta t, 1 by delta t is the frequency.
What is the frequency of operation of this switch with the frequency is 1 by delta t.
which is nothing but a called F s sampling frequency F s. So, sampling theorem if you see if the there is a sampling theorem this is the sampling theorem which explain this slide I am not saying again and again.
So, I can say if the sampling theorem say that it is possible to completely recover this signal from this sample signal there is a some rider or some constraint.
What is those constraints?
It constraints says that if the baseband frequency of this signal is bandwidth is b, baseband or you can say the bandwidth is b means, let the highest frequency component of this signal is f m. If I sample this signal which is f s which must be greater than or equal to 2 f m, this is the rider.
It is possible to recover the signal if it is greater than or equal to twice f m. Why it is greater than or not all time equal to?
Because let us think about a pure sinusoidal wave.
If it is a pure sinusoidal wave, if it is 2 f, if f s is equal to 2 f m, then all the sample will be here.
So, I cannot recover the signal.
So, in that case I required F s must be greater than twice F n. So, instead of taking the analog signal, so on the analog signal I am taking some sample instant that is called that how do you take the sample instant multiplying this signal with the sampling frequency impulse signal whose frequency is F s.
I can say the impulse is there.
When the impulse is present, I take the measurement of the signal that is f s. Now, if you see, if my f s is increases, this gap will be decreases, delta s, delta t will be decreases.
If f s is increases, delta t will be decreases.
So, if I use the, if my sampling frequency is much much larger, then I can get accurately the signal.
But rider I cannot lowest rider is that f s must be get up then equal to 2 f m, but I can take any sampling frequency.
So, let us human speech has a 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz.
I can take the sampling frequency less 44 kilohertz I can take it which is much above the two times of the which is much above the two times of the.
20 kilohertz, 44, 40 kilohertz, 44 kilohertz I have taken.
Now if I increase the sampling frequency, I said that I can accurately take the signal.
Now sometime you see although human speech is 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz, we have taken a sampling frequency let us see what is the meaning.
Meaning is that I am restricted the speech signal, but I am interested the speech signal.
So, if it is 20 kilohertz is sampling frequency, so highest frequency of the speech signal is 8 kilohertz.
So, human speech has to be passed to a filter whose highest cutoff frequency is low pass filter is 8 kilohertz.
Above 8 kilohertz, all frequency has what down to 0 or you can say discard almost frequency.
So, sampling frequency, based on the sampling frequency you know up to what frequency I can get of this speech signal.
So, that is the sampling frequency idea.
So, in speech sometime we use 16 kilohertz.
That means highest frequency component of the signal is 8 kilohertz.
If it is 22 kilohertz, then it is 11 kilohertz.
So, that is called sampling frequency.
Other aspects is quantization.
So, quantization is again I have to what I said I take a take a instant of this value.
This is nothing but a voltage if it is amplitude it is voltage let us pass 5 volt minus 5 volt is here.
So, this voltage has to be converted to a some step if you see here some step.
So, each step I can represent by a binary number.
is the binary number.
So, I can say let us that my minus 5 volt to plus 5 volt or I can neatly draw it.
So, that you can understand it that let us I have a signal which varies from minus 5 volt to let us this is minus plus 5 volt and this is minus 5 volt.
So, this whole 10 volt I divided into a some level.
So, how do we decide at the level let us this whole 10 volt is divided in or you can say that I representing this 10 volt by a 8 bit number.
So, what is the highest value of 8 bit 2 to the power 8 8 bit number means integer value is 2 to the power 8.
So, 2 to the power 8 if it is negative and positive.
So, 1 bit is goes for sign.
So, it is minus 127.
So, 2 plus 127 or including 0 it will be 2127.
I am not saying that part.
So, making 0 is middle positive and negative.
Minus 127 or 126 you can take it.
So, 8 bit number.
So now, if I do that then 250 I have divided this 10 volt in 256 levels.
So, plus side and minus side is there.
I can divide this thing instead of 8 bit, 16 bit.
So, 2 to the power 16 level I can divide this thing.
So, once I divided this signal much more smaller gap, the accuracy of the quantization will be increases or quantization error will be decreases.
I am not detailed discussing about the quantization error because that is there.
quantization error.
So, what I am saying that if I recorded the speech signal with a high quantization, the accuracy or quantization error of the signal is reduced.
So, when I am going for a good quality recording, I should use quantization level should be very high instead of 8 bit.
If I use 12 bit or 16 bit, the quantization error is less, but other aspects is there.
What is other aspects?
Once I increase the quantization level, what is increasing?
Data size, because if it is 8 bit, one sample is represented by 8 bit.
If it is 16 bit, single sample is represented by a 16 bit.
Similarly, F s, if it is 8 kilohertz, I can say in one second, I have generated 8 k sample in one second.
I have generated 8 k sample if each sample is represented by 8 bit so for one second speech recording I will get 8 kilo byte 8 bit is 1 byte so 8 kilo byte similarly if I quantize it with 16 bit it will be 16 kilo byte 16 bit is 2 byte so 16 kilo byte so one I increase the quantization level.
although my signal to noise ratio is decreases means increases that means i quantization error is decreases but my memory size is increases similarly once i increase the sampling frequency my accuracy of the digital signal will be increases but what is increases size of the file is increases instead of 8 k if it is 16 k that means in one second i have generate 16 k sample if each sample is 8 bit then 16 kilo byte.
So, there is a trade off what quantization level I should use, what kind of sampling frequency I should use.
So, when you record the speech signal suppose you recording the speech signal for telephone speech which is band width is 300 hertz to 3.3 kilo hertz.
So, if it is my signal is band limited to 3.3 kilo hertz I should not sample this signal with a very high frequency.
high sampling frequency.
So, my 8 kilohertz is sufficient even if double this thing nearest is 8 kilohertz is sufficient to sample this thing.
So, that is why the telephone bandwidth is 4 if it 8 kilohertz is sampling frequency 4 kilohertz is the maximum frequency which can present in the speech.
So, now I give a problem let us I am not going details of this digitization things let us this is the problem.
An audio signal is recorded using the following format to store 50 millisecond signal in PCM warp format.
How much memory is required?
Sampling frequency is 8 kilohertz encoded with 16 bit recorded in mono channel.
So, if it is 8 kilohertz 8 bit in 1 second it will generate 8 k sample.
So, in 50 millisecond I have to know how much sample it will be generate and for each sample is 1 byte how much memory required I can calculate.
Similarly, there is another conversion also I have I should taught in here.
Suppose, sometime we said number of sample to time conversion is very important.
Suppose, I have a speech signal, I say a speech signal is sampling frequency is 16 kilohertz.
How much sample will be there within a 20 millisecond signal?
So, in one second there will be a 16 kilo sample.
in 20 millisecond in 1 second into 20, 320 sample.
So, 320 sample represent 20 millisecond.
If it is 8 kilohertz, then how many sample will be there?
Half of this, half of this because it is half of this.
If it is 44 kilohertz, then you can calculate how many samples will be there.
So, instead of 20 second, I can say 30 second.
So, once I say the window size of 40 millisecond, then you know how much sample will be there.
Similarly, if I say if 320 samples I have taken, time domain representation is 20 millisecond.
I can convert.
This will be frequently used in speech processing.
Number of sample to time, time to sample.
So, this is the basic idea of digitization of the speech.
Now, there is expertise required, how do I record the speech?
Normal recording is that if you see I have a collar mic connected to a wireless transmitter and there is a sound card and once I talk this mic is converted to electrical signal.
This electrical signal goes to the sound card digitize the sound card is digitize the signal and recorded.
So, microphone there is a amplifier if it is required sometime microphone directly connected to the sound card which contain the amplifier then digital recording device or which convert that analog signal to digital signal then if I want playback.
So, I require a speaker or headphone this kind of things.
So, in digital recording what is does it is does the digitization and storing of the sound.
So, digitization means it require the sampling frequency and Also, number of quantization bit and also stereo or mono that I have not discussed details, but most cases in sound recording does in mono.
Since, it is a single channel that I want to record the human voice.
So, when you analyze your voice in computer, you should record the signal in mono format not stereo format.
It is not required because there is no two source are there single source is speaking.
So, it is mono is sufficient same things.
How this is stored in computer?
There is a different kind of file format mono versus stereo that I said stereo means two channel mono means single channel.
Stereo sound I have not explained in detail there is a stereo sound, there is a 5.1 channel sound, there is a Dolby digital sound.
So, Dolby digital is again in one format it is not a sound you can say that it is a sound recording Dolby digital is a sound you can say the compression technique or you can say the sound compression procedure.
So, Dolby digital is a format instead of WMA, DSS, AU, etc.
So, all are some are coded speech forward, some are non coded because it is just stored the sample.
So, but if this is the MP3, it is a compressed.
So, sound can be stored either compressed or without compressed.
If I store the signal, let us that in one second it is generate 8 kilo watt, I can compress it and store it and there is no compression.
technique.
And when I want to play the sound, I will decompress the signal and play it in the web.
Similarly, when I process the sound, I should extract the sound sample by sample.
So, if it is a compressed format, store in a compressed format, I have to decompress it and use the sample by sample for processing.
And again I can compress it.
Now, any audio translation or MP3, MPEG-4, WMA, DSS, and so on.
there is a loss.
If we compress the sound, I have lost some sound.
So, I cannot recover those signal those sound once I do the decompose it and process the sound sample by sample.
So, if I want to store the just simple recording in sample by sample, use PCMA warp format.
So, there is a PCMA warp format header file, Microsoft PCMA warp format header file.
So, I get the sound file, dot warp format.
This is a binary file.
it contains whole recording of the sound.
Let us I get this, there is a header.
So, if you see this header, there is a different chunk position has different information.
So, I have to know what is the sampling frequency of the sound and what is the encoded bit of the sound.
If it is 16 bit, that means 2 byte represent one sample.
If it is 8 bit, 8 bit represent one sample.
If it is stereo, all channels are same.
If it is stereo, there are two channel recording is there.
If it is mono, single channel recording is there and there also sampling frequency is important because unless I do not know the sampling frequency, I cannot process it.
Digital signal or this digital processing of this sound file is required a sampling frequency.
So sampling frequency also stored in this sampling rate, byte rate, block again, block size, so those format details are given in this slide.
So digital format uncompressed and compressed format what I have expressed and then I can go for the microphone selection.
Suppose I want to record, I say you to record your name in your computer.
So, how do you record it?
You may use a headphone and connect it to the computer sound card and you record the sound.
But once the human being produce the speech, its range is 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz.
The acoustic wave contain 20 hertz to 20 kilohertz sound.
Once I put the microphone in the front of the mouth, so microphone has a limitation.
Microphone has one property that it has to be convert this acoustic wave to a electrical signal.
So microphone may have a limitation.
So microphone may have a sensitivity, microphone may have a frequency response.
microphone has a pickup pattern all kinds of restrictions are there who know the details of microphone you know that there is a lot of parameters of the microphones are there.
So if you see I am recording a speech with a microphone whose frequency response is may be 100 hertz to 10 kilohertz.
So I cannot get the acoustics wave after 10 kilohertz may not be required in human speech, but I cannot get those speech after 10 kilohertz because my microphone has a limitation.
It can only record the signal or you can only transfer the acoustic wave to electrical signal of 100 hertz to 10 kilohertz.
So, if I apply a 12 kilohertz signal, acoustic wave, it may not produce any signal.
It not produce any signal.
So, I am not getting any information in the electrical wave.
Once that electrical signal I get, I will pass through the digital cut.
So, selection of the microphone frequency response, microphone time, how to connect it all are very important.
So, which microphone I should use, it depends on what kind of application I want to develop.
Suppose, I want to develop a speech coding for telephone channel, then I should not use a very high end microphone which frequency response is 20 kilohertz, because my signal is 4 kilohertz.
band limited.
So, I can use 10 kilohertz sensitivity of a frequency response of a microphone is very good for recording that telephone bandwidth even 5 kilohertz microphone sensitivity up to 5 kilohertz is sufficient for recording the telephone channel signal.
Now, suppose I want to develop a speech corpus for research purpose.
If I want that this corpus only used for scientific research.
If I want that that should contain that whole human speech range of frequency, then I should use a very high end microphone whose frequency response may be 15 kilohertz or may be 20 kilohertz.
So, the microphone then the amplifier is also there.
Amplifier frequency response also important.
So, amplifier and microphone whole frequency response should be higher than the my desired what frequency I want to record that.
And there is a if you know if you know there is a different kind of microphone hand handle microphone head mounted microphone all things are there.
So, all microphones has a there the advantage and disadvantage I am not going details of the microphone.
Then there is a carbon mic piezoelectric mic dynamic mic conditional mic ribbon mic every mic has his own frequency response his own advantage and disadvantage.
Then there is a connector is there then if you see the directivity microphone has may be omnidirectional.
microphone may be bidirectional, may be unidirectional all kinds of directional means which point microphone has a pick up.
That means, if I use this kind of microphone if you see the omnidirectional that means, that can that microphone can pick up from any sound any direction.
If it is a unidirectional that can only pick up a sound from in one direction that is represented in a polar port the slides are there.
This is the frequency response example of a microphone.
the signal is clicked.
What do you mean by clicking?
Now, suppose I have an ADC or volume of the recording volume which is control the ADC level.
So, suppose this is 5 volt to minus 5 volt.
This ADC can handle 5 volt to minus 5 volt.
Now, if I amplify my sound 7 volt to minus 7 volt.
So, suppose 5 volt to minus 5 volt sound wave, sine wave, let us sine wave.
it is very like this.
If my limitation is 5 volt, if I apply 7 volt, so what will happen?
After 5 volt, it will be flat.
So, after 5 volt, it will be flat response.
So, what is if it is flat, what is happening?
So, this portion I am not getting.
I am getting a flat.
So, if it is cleft, that means it developed a square wave.
there.
So, original frequency component of this signal I cannot get it.
I get the square wave content all the frequency all the frequency content.
So, this kind of recording if you record the signal which is clipped then if it is clipped then your whole recording purpose is gone.
Your whole recording purpose is because it is developed lot of sound frequency also.
So, be sure the signal is not clipped, recording label is not clipped.
And environmental noise is very important and there is a free software tools for recording, there is a speech tools, I have used cool edit pro, I have used web surfer, prat all you can use any software you can use or I can you just go to the google and type prat it will prat will be downloaded and store it.
Now, what session I will what home talks or you can say what practice I can given that use this recording procedure and record your name let us 5 times record your name in 5 times.
So, that the signal is not clipped and see the highest frequency content of your signal.
Next class I will show you using this software how to see the highest frequency content of the signal all those kind of thing and see the how much size it is taken.
Then think about that if I told you cut a window of this sample, this number sample to this number sample, how do you do that in a programming also very important.
So, those things you just practice.
Thank you.
.
So, before we start digital speech processing some ah signal processing concept has to be reviewed because those will be used frequently in many places.
So, you may find difficulty the to conceptualize those DSP problem.
So, what I do that I will just review some DSP concept, but details I will not go because details this is a separate subject which is called digital signal parsing because this is the best point of knowing the digital speech parsing.
So, whatever the acoustic phonetics speech production you know that is different because that does not require any DSP concept that much, but once I explain start that explaining the digital speech processing and modeling discrete modeling discrete time modeling.
So, in that cases some DSP concept is required.
So, I just quickly go through the some DSP concept.
So, what I will discuss I am not discuss the details mathematics I will discuss concept behind that DSP algorithm ok.
So, let us start with that continuous signal.
So, if I if you know that this omega always represent that continuous frequency this omega ok.
So, if I say sinusoidal signal let us say A is the amplitude cos omega t plus theta theta is the phase.
ok.
So, this omega is continuous frequency ok. Now, what are the property?
If you change this the frequency at this things if it is 500 hertz sinusoidal then it a frequency is 500 hertz.
If you increase the frequency in time domain suppose if it is if it is like this.
So, what you say ok this has an oscillation.
So, the number of period in per second give me the frequency ok.
So, this there is a oscillation is there.
Now, if I increase the frequency what will happen?
means the number of oscillations or number of period per second will be increases.
So, high frequency means oscillations will be increases.
So, that is the property.
So, more period are included in one second, more period are included in time.
So, this is the low frequency and this is the high frequency signal.
So, this is the concept of analog signal.
Now, once I make the digital signal, let us this cos omega t I sampled and stored it is a digital signal.
So, if it is a continuous if x at is a continuous signal.
then what should be the x n?
x n is a digital signal.
So, x n is nothing but a cos instead of continuous omega we write this omega n plus theta.
This is called discrete frequency.
So, this is continuous radian per second and this is that this is this is this frequency is per sample I will come details I will come.
So, this is written like this way.
And what is the property?
Now, a discrete time signal is periodic if its frequency f is rational number.
What do you understand?
What is where the small f is come?
Now, what is omega?
Omega is nothing but a 2 pi f. Now, if it is digitized signal what I have done?
I have replaced this t by n into capital T. So, this omega continuous frequency omega is nothing but a 2 pi f.
So, this frequency is continuous frequency.
Now, once I make it discrete frequency then omega is equal to 2 pi f, but this t is replaced by n t. So, this omega n becomes omega n is nothing but a 2 pi f into n into t. So, it is nothing but a 2 pi f into n divided by f s. So, if the frequency content let us I write this one, this frequency of this cos this digital signal is 500 R. So, let us this is denoted by F. So, this denoted by capital F. So, F by F s small f is nothing but a frequency of the signal that is analog frequency divided by F s. So, I cannot say that this is a if it is periodic if this is a rational number then only it will be periodic.
I am not discussing the number system, what is the rational number.
And then discrete time sinusoidal whose frequency are separated by integer multiple of 2 pi are identical.
Very simple, if the cos is a distinct sinusoidal, if it is integer multiple of 2 pi separated then they are identical.
So, 2 pi is the maximum period.
So, the highest rate of oscillation, the highest value of small m, what is the highest value of small m?
So, f is equal to f by f s. So, what is f s as per sampling theorem f s should be at least twice f. So, I can say f by 2 f. So, it is half.
So, in continuous frequency omega can varies from minus infinity to plus infinity.
But if you see this small f can varies from minus half.
half to plus half minus half to plus half.
So, if it is F s if I say that 2 pi capital F is the analog frequency.
So, is a continuous signal omega is radian per second and this omega is radian per sample.
So, this can varies from minus infinity to plus infinity.
So, this frequency also can varies from minus infinity to plus infinity.
but if you see small f can varies only minus half to plus half and small omega what is the value of omega?
Omega is nothing but a 2 pi f. So, f is nothing but a minus f minus half to plus half.
So, I can say omega can vary only from minus pi to plus pi where f is the sampling frequency.
So, small omega represent the discrete frequency.
frequency and capital omega represent analog frequency.
This is radian per second, this is radian per sample, radian per sample and this is radian per second.
So, if I say this sometime this omega is called also normalized frequency.
So, if I say I have a signal whose capital F is 50 kilohertz and less than.
sampling frequency is 100 kilohertz.
So, what is the value of omega?
Omega is nothing but a 2 pi f, where it is 2 pi f by f s. So, it is nothing but a 2 pi 50 divided by 100.
So, it is nothing but a pi.
It is nothing but a pi.
Now, if it is 40 kilohertz, it is nothing Then, it is 2 pi f into f by f s. So, it is nothing but a 2 pi 40 by 100.
So, it is 4 by 5 pi normalized discrete frequency.
So, this omega is called discrete frequency.
This concept is very important.
This will be used in many ways.
So, this omega continuous, this is discrete.
this is radian per second, this is radian per sample.
Next concept is complex signal.
A complex it is known everybody knows that complex signal, however, is a vector everybody knows a complex vector or complex signal has an amplitude and has an phase.
So, I can say if I A plus j B is a complex number, it can be written as r e to the power j theta.
where r is nothing but a root over of a square plus b square and theta is nothing but a tan inverse b by a, same thing say complex signal.
Now, I come to the impulse representation.
So, suppose this is given x n is represented by x k and delta function, so n minus k. So, if I say this my P n is like this.
Let us P n is my digital signal P n is a 3 delta n plus 3 plus a 1 delta n minus 1 plus a 2 let us delta n minus 2.
So, this del a 3 a 1 are the coefficient and those are the delta position.
So, at that position the signal has amplitude a 3 sample has amplitude a 3 at that position.
signal has amplitude a 1.
So, that can be represented like this way because it is plus 3.
So, minus 3 point there will be a sample whose coefficient amplitude is minus a 3 that is a sample at first sample position 1 2 like that way it is represented.
So, this is the impulse representation of a sequence.
So, if I say I have a speech signal x n who has suppose there is a 100 sample.
Now, if I say the sample start from 0 1 to 100.
So, Then, first sample is nothing but A, the amplitude less, first sample amplitude is A 1 with delta n plus n minus 0 is 0.
Next, A 2 delta n minus 1, like that way I can write.
So, that will be used in different time when you process the digital signal.
Now, next concept is classification of signal, different type of signal, energy signal, power signal I am not describing, you know that if it is energy infinite then call energy signal, if power is finite then it is called.
signal.
Periodic signal, aperiodic signal, a signal is periodic if it is repeat its nature after certain time interval in time domain.
If it is repeat in nature let us after n sample then I can say the n sample is the period of the signal.
So, x n is periodic with period n if and only if x n plus n is equal to x n. So, why the periodicity?
If this point and next repeating point is same then I can say the signal is repeat itself.
So, it is a period.
So, digital signal x if n is the period then x of n plus small n plus capital N is equal to x n then you call signal is periodic.
Then symmetric and anti symmetric signal a real valued signal x n is called symmetric if x of minus n is equal to x n. On the other hand if it is anti symmetric then x of minus n will be minus x n. So, this is the signal property.
Next, discrete time system.
So, some signal periodic, aperiodic, signal symmetric, anti-symmetric, I have not discussed signal is called stationary and non-stationary signal is also.
So, what do you mean by stationary signal?
If the signal does not change its property over the time, then I can say it is a stationary signal.
Suppose, I have a sinusoidal of 500 hertz.
Let this is a 500 hertz sinusoidal.
If I take this time, if I take this time, all the time it is 500 hertz sinusoidal.
So, I can say the signal is a stationary signal.
It does not change its property along the time.
Now, say the speech signal.
If I say speech signal, if I say a sentence along the time, the signal properties varies.
Sometime it is silent, sometime it is voice, sometime it is silent, sometime it is friction.
then may be silence, then may be voice.
So, I can say along the time signal changes its property.
So, it is a time varying signal.
Later on you learn that signal parsing algorithms are applied on a stationary signal.
So, I have to consider how I make the speech signal is non stationary.
So, those kind of consideration we will take.
So, this is stationary and non stationary signal.
Then I come to the systems.
If you call system, this is called discrete systems.
I am not going to the analog system.
You know the signals and systems that class.
So, discrete system, let us output of a discrete system is Y n is nothing but a H of input X n. So, H is the transfer function of the systems.
Let us the system is like this Y n is equal to 0.8 Y n minus 1.
plus 0.5 x n plus 0.9 x n minus 1.
So, if I told you draw the system diagram, digital system diagram.
So, I can say what is y n minus 1 means the y n is delayed by sample number 1, the sample number 1 sample n minus 1 means 1 sample delay x n minus 1 means input is 1 sample delay.
So, if this is my x n, let this is my x n. So, x n has to be multiplied with amplitude 0.5 and has to be added with 0.9 multiplied x n minus 1.
So, I can say let us I take one x n in here input and apply a z to the power minus 1 delay.
z to the power minus 1 represent one sample delay and added with this signal with a amplitude of 0.9.
So, output is nothing but a 0.5 x of n plus 0.9 x of n minus 1.
Now, let us this is my y n. So, y n is nothing but a this plus there is a y n minus 1.
So, I can take one input from here and then z to the power minus 1 delay apply and added with it with a multiplication factor.
So, this is my system diagram.
So, this is y n and this is x n. So, signal flow is this way sorry this way this way or not.
So, discrete system can be implemented like this way.
So, z to the power minus 1 is nothing but a single sample display.
Now, a system consists of certain properties.
I will come implementation later on also.
A system has certain property.
What are the property?
It is may be statics or it may be dynamic system.
A discrete system is called statics or memoryless if its output at any instant n depend at most on the input sample at the same time, but not past or future sample of the input.
So, suppose my y n is only depends on x n and x n minus y n.
1, but not x n plus 1, then I can say my system is static.
So, our memory less system and if it is future sample, then I can say it is with memory system.
So, memory less system, static system with memory system is dynamic system.
Then time invariant and time variant system, time invariant and time variant signal.
that is called stationary and non stationary signal, but if it is time variant and time invariant system.
So, if the system does not change its property over the time then I call it is a time invariant system.
If it is change along with the time then I can say it is a time variant system.
If I consider this vocal tract is a system along the time it change its construction.
So, it is a time varying system.
suppose x is suppose operator square always it will be square whatever the input will come it will square.
So, property does not change along with the time.
So, it is a time invariant system.
So, how do you mathematically say that if it is x n is the input of a system H and output is y n. If I apply x n minus k I should get the y n minus k then it is called time invariant system along the time system does not change its property.
Now, linear and non-linear system so how do test the linearity of the system the system is linear if it is suppose the superposition principle.
So, what is superposition principle if you know that if I apply two input x 1 plus x 2 n.
to a system h, whatever output I will get this will be same if I apply two input individually.
Let us put a factor a 1 and a 2, this a 1 x 1 n plus h of a 2 x 2 n. So, if it is support a superposition principle then I say the system is a linear system.
So, if the system is linear and time invariant, then we called LTI system, linear time invariant system, that is called LTI system.
That means, the system is linear, system does not change its property along the time.
Then you know causal and non-causal system.
So, if it is not depends on the future, then I call system is a causal system.
Means, Y n is only depends on either X n or X n minus 1.
but not the future input.
Future input will be x n plus 1.
If it is not depend on x n plus 1, then I call it is a causal system.
If it is depend, then it is a non-causal system.
Then stable system, unstable system.
What is stability?
If I apply a bounded input to input to the system, it should produce bounded output.
If I apply a bounded input, if the system produce bounded output, then I call system is stable system, B I B O.
bounded input, bounded output.
In bounded input should produce bounded output, then stable and unstable system.
Then there is recursive and non recursive system that you know that this slide is self exclamatory that explaining that recursive.
If the output depends on the previous output then you call it is a recursive system.
I am not describing details then very much.
or you can say the most commonly used signal processing algorithm in speech is called convolution.
So convolution is the most frequently used.
If you see that if I want to find out a output for a input in a system, then the system transfer function is convolved with the input to produce the output of the system.
So, convolution is most commonly used algorithm in DSP.
So, suppose Yn is produced using a system property Hn convolved with input Xn.
So, how the mathematically it is written?
It is k equal to minus infinity to infinity H of k into X of n minus k. So, Yn is equal to H of k into Xn minus k.
of Y n. So, convolution means that suppose this is my system and I apply a signal here.
So, output is the property of the system must be convolved or modify the input signal produce the output ok.
So, each property of the you can say that whole property of the system should modify the each input of the signal.
So, that is why whole h k will modify the each input.
So, this is convolution.
How it is done?
It has a operation or how many operation is involved?
It is folding, shifting, multiplication and summation.
If you look at this equation, this is nothing but a folding.
So, if I say x n equal to y equal to 0, then it is nothing but a h k.
multiply x minus k. So, I can say the x k is folded to produce x minus k. So, I can give you an example.
So, this is my signal and this has to be convolved with this.
So, green is the let us the system.
So, sorry there is a wrong interpretation you can say that this is h and this is x.
same things consider this is H and this is X.
So, I can say this H is convolved or you can say the X property of X is convolved with H T. So, what I said that H has to be shifted a folded.
So, Y T is means H has to be folded first, then shifting T equal to 0, then product and sum this sample product with this sample.
produce sample then shift the single end by t equal to 1 then again product and sum then again t equal to 2 product and sum then again one sample shift product and sum.
So, that way output will be produced.
Let us give an example.
Let us x n, x n is nothing but instead of writing that way let us 1, 1, 1 and here let us this is 0.
0 1 2 3 and let us h n is nothing but a 1 1 1 and here I am not giving the same example which is in the slide these are two signal.
So, what is there h n so x n let us I want to produce y n which is nothing but a summation sorry summation of k equal to minus infinity into infinity h.
k multiply by x of n minus k. So, which signal has to be folded?
X n. So, I can fold the x n. So, if I draw in pictogram, so this is x n first sample, second sample, third sample, fourth sample.
So, 0, 1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3.
So, if I want to fold it, so it will be this side 1, 2, 3, 0, 1, 2, 3.
1, 2, 3 and if I want to plot H n it is nothing but a 1, 2, 3.
So, my Y n first I fold it multiply by 0.
So, Y 0 is nothing but a multiply by this or this with this.
So, 1 multiply by 1 and this with multiply by this 0.
So, this is 0, this is 0, this is also 0.
So, 0, this is 0, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, this is y n, I will draw facelift, so it will be just, let draw it neatly, so use this pen.
So, this is my x of n, sample number 1, sample number 1, 2, 3 and 4 and this is my H n H n is nothing but a sample number 1, sample number 2, sample number 3 sample is there.
Now, what I said to produce the convolution, let us I draw the first.
So, produce the convolution X n has to be folded.
So, I folded X n I will draw here to here this is number 1.
is this side 2 3 4 I folded it and so this is x of minus k. Now, I use the h k, h k is nothing but a 1 1 second sample third sample.
So, this is h k.
Now, what is my y?
So, this is less y n. So, at y 0, y 0 this multiply this and if I say this side if I projected this side it is 0, here it is also 0, here it is also 0, here it is 0.
So, here also it is 0.
So, product this multiply with this, sum with this multiply with this, sum with this will multiply with this.
So, 0 into 1 plus 0 into 1 plus 0 into 1 plus 1 into 1 plus 0 1 into 0 like that way it will come.
This will multiply with this add add and so I can get first sample y.
To get the second yn what I will do instead of doing here I shifted this signal one sample.
So, what I can say let us see this will be one first sample this is the second sample.
this will be third sample 1 2 3 4.
So, this sample again become 0.
Now, I product this will this, this will this, this will this, this will this, this will this, this will this and add together and get the Y n. So, that way I get whole Y n. So, that is why I am holding shifting product and sum.
So, convolution.
Then there is a term called circular convolution.
Circular convolution of x n and h n is defined as the convolution of h n with a periodic signal x p n. If the signal is periodic then I can do a circular convolution.
So, this is the mathematics I am not going details of the circular convolution.
Next correlation, correlation is similar mathematics with the convolution.
What I want?
Suppose I want to find out there is a signal like this and there is a signal like this.
I want to find out whether they are similar or not.
That is why it is called correlation.
Relation between let this is x n and this is y n or you can let us say this is x 1 n. So, correlation between x n and x 1 n is nothing but a similarity between these two signal.
How do I find out?
I just take the, so it is a digital signal.
So, I take the sample by sample.
I take the sample by sample.
So, I can say that I can multiply the two sample and then take the sum product and sum is the correlation.
So, I can say the first correlation coefficient or I can say lth correlation coefficient R L is nothing but a product and sum n equal to minus infinity to infinity x n with x 1 n minus L or x n with n plus L x 1 n plus L.
it is does not matter whether I shifted the signal this way or this way both will give me the correlation.
So, this is the lth correlation if it is zeroth coefficient then I start from zero sample to zero sample if it is fifth sample then I shifted this signal this side fifth sample.
So, start with this this portion of the signal will be not used.
So, I will compare this portion signal with this whole signal understand.
Then if I l equal to 10 then let us this is the 10th sample.
So, this portion of the signal is deducted and I compare this portion with whole signal.
So, that is the correlation.
So, details there may be a detailed discussion in signal passing books you can refer to the any signal passing book.
The algorithm also I have written down you can go through the slides and find out that things then the convolution correlation.
So, then LTI discrete time system which has to consider because in signal passing or speech digital speech passing.
We consider the production system is an LTI system discrete time linear time invariant discrete system LTI discrete system linear time invariant linear system is linear system is time invariant and a discrete system.
So, linearity you know time invariant know and LTI impulse response is direct convolution I am not going details.
Then why I take that LTI system because easy to understand.
it is easy to manipulate powerful processing capability characterized completely by their response to unit sample by a convolutional relationship basis of linear filtering use model for speech production use as a model for speech production.
So, always we try to model this one in a LTI system because it is easy to understand signal processing respect it is easy to understand it is easy to manipulate it powerful processing capability.
So, that is why we always use LTI system linear time invariant system.
So, we want to make this model as a LTI system linear time invariant system.
Now, if you this is the same signal sense system you already you have read it if the x n is the input h 1 and h 2 are the two system function the transfer function and y n is the output then it is a it is commutative the h 2 can be first and h 1 can be second also.
So, all those property you know that.
this is parallel I can shift it here and here.
So, I can plus it or I can star it.
So, this is review of the system property then I can ask you the draw the is the transfer function of this one.
So, these two are parallel this is series with these two system and then again this this the whole transfer function will be parallel you can practice it.
Now implementation is important.
So, how do we implement a discrete system?
There are two kinds of implementation.
One is called direct form 1 and one is called direct form 2.
So, one is called structure 1 implementation and another is called structure 2 implementation.
So, what I said suppose y n is nothing but a a 1 y n minus 1 plus a let us b 1 x of n.
this is my system this can be a system.
So, I can write down the system this is my x n input and I can say that x n n minus 1 let us it is n minus 1 plus let us c 1 into x n. So, I can say this is multiplied by c 1 added with a delay sample z to the power minus 1.
1 and multiply by b 1 then output is y n is nothing but a delay sample which is z to the power minus 1 y n minus 1 multiply by a 1 this is multiply by a 1 added with this input.
So, this is the implementation of that system.
Now, I said that if a system has let us this is my input x n.
and a system had H 1, then I have another system called H 2, let us say this is H 2 and this is Y n, then I can interchange these two systems, H 2 can be here and H 1 can be here, does not does not effect that output.
So, I can say I can change this side to this side and this side to this side, so I invert that one.
So, I can say X n inverting it.
So, I can say x n plus this one is coming this side plus a 1 z to the power minus 1, then this side coming this side z to the power minus 1 plus b 1.
So, this is c 1 will be there.
So, this is called direct form 1, because there is a required 2 memory, 2 delay are separate input delay and output delay are separate.
If I implement this way, then this signal is same.
So, I can say instead of 2 delay, I can replicate it by a single delay z to the power minus 1 multiply a 1 and z to the power minus 1 multiply by b 1.
1 and this is C 1 will be there x n input y n output.
So, this is the advantage this is called direct form 1 and this is called direct form 2 implementation.
So, DSP book it is there this is I said that n long this is one block and this is block once you interchange it will come same side.
So, instead of 2 z to the power delay I can club together and put a single delay.
So, it is called direct form 2 implementation.
We use this thing when we implement this is our vocal chord systems using discrete time systems.
So, next class I will just complete this DSP things.
Thank you.
